reviewid	title	body	shortdescription
10045	great motherboard	well before building your computer you must read every single detail in the motherboard information, because if you pass a detail doesn't mean this product is a bad.I personal see first "Compusa" for a full review. even if you don't now what your buying , you always can check it here for a good revision. DDR3 1333 is a goood sppedd to begin, this motherboard is very popular right now so don't blame this motherboard for that.	With resource intensive games and multimedia tools constantly evolving to the next technological level, you need equally advanced hardware to ensure the best possible computing experience. Hardcore gamers and multimedia enthusiasts can take solace in the fact that next-generation BrandXYZ? Extreme Series Desktop Boards combine with the latest BrandXYZ processors to run the most demanding software applications with ease. Amazon.com Product DescriptionWith resource intensive games and multimedia t...
10141	Huge potential	My initial evaluation of this flash gun is quite positive This unit is easy to use with huge and endless potentials. The menu system is very intuitive typical of nikon and I like the possibility of using this as master & remote making SU800 CLS functionality quite redundant. Over heating has not been an issue for me at least at this time and I can see myself using this flash more often than not.....	Professional i-TTL Speedlight compatible with BrandXYZ FX and DX format SLRs, and part of the BrandXYZ Creative Lighting System. This powerful Speedlight offers photographers extensive creative opportunities for their flash photography. Three illumination patterns - Center-weighted, Even and Standard - provide total control over flash coverage and it covers a class-leading auto zoom range of 17-200mm in just 1.2 seconds.Advanced features include a booster circuit that enables high-speed recyclin...
18785	Great Products	This is a great products Pros: - Good sound quality - support WPA, WPA2, WEP and open network. - easy to use Need to Improve: - Battery life. if it can go up to 12 Hours or more. it will be great. - Better Wizard for use with WPA and other Encryption. - Cheaper Price is better - Support SMS please - Add WIFI Signal Indicator please	
18786	It is nice	I tested that product , it is really great with nice sound quality , just have a one negative point that is you can not sending sms to somebody . but totaly is great & recommend to you .	
18787	seems to work well	the 2 pack arrived this afternoon and took very little time to get setup and working. audio quality is great and sounds better than on computer also using wireless. only downside so far is the "double ringing" when making out going calls.	
10048	Great Motherboard	It works as i expected.and came with some nice with some features i didn't know it had. it runs very cool came with 2 clear blue SATA cables. clean design. great for any new build	With resource intensive games and multimedia tools constantly evolving to the next technological level, you need equally advanced hardware to ensure the best possible computing experience. Hardcore gamers and multimedia enthusiasts can take solace in the fact that next-generation BrandXYZ? Extreme Series Desktop Boards combine with the latest BrandXYZ processors to run the most demanding software applications with ease. Amazon.com Product DescriptionWith resource intensive games and multimedia t...
10187	worthless	bought to use with my laptop via usb. box stated product will provide audio and video. after installing "amcap" icon appeas on desktop. click on the shortcut and video appears but no audio. go to the lorex site for troubleshooting tips only to find....well nothing. Searched via google for additional but not much out there. after extensive searching i find a few references that indicate getting the audio to work will be a chore. Tried on xp and vista laptops, same issues. When i purchase something I don't want or need to spend hours researching how to make the product do what it says it will do. save your money unless you like troubleshooting	BrandXYZ Enhanced Wireless Technology eliminates interference from most household appliances and the slim line receiver connects to TV / VCR / DVD Recorder devices in minutes. Enjoy listen-in audio from the built-in microphone and the ability to optionally add batteries so that the camera is truly portable
10189	Excellent system, good value	I looked at the other two similar systems available and this one is the best in my opinion: Setup is extremely easy - charge and turn on. Picture quality both day and night vision are excellent. Camera can be rotated at good variety of angles and can be battery powered (though night vision would drain batteries quickly). It's digital, so neighbors can't see your cameras and you can't see theirs instead of yours. What differentiated this from the other ones for me was: 1) availability of additional cameras, up to 4 that can be monitored from same receiver, and 2) this system uses Frequency Hopping Spread Spectrum technology, so it can co-exist with your 802.11b/g access points. I was able to use my laptop over 802.11g just fine while using the camera receiver right next to it.	BrandXYZ introduces the latest in Wireless Digital Technology with excellent video quality and audio quality. The digital signal is secure and interference free. Add up to three cameras to this system for surveillance in various locations. Enjoy the convenience of an included rechargeable battery and cradle in addition to the built in stand & belt clip
10049	Intel p45	this mb is awesome, i just pluged all the stuff on it and power on.. and that was all. the mb configured all (memory speed, CPU, FSB.. all) so this is a must buy!!!! i love Intel. works Extremely fine with corsair.... :D	With resource intensive games and multimedia tools constantly evolving to the next technological level, you need equally advanced hardware to ensure the best possible computing experience. Hardcore gamers and multimedia enthusiasts can take solace in the fact that next-generation BrandXYZ? Extreme Series Desktop Boards combine with the latest BrandXYZ processors to run the most demanding software applications with ease. Amazon.com Product DescriptionWith resource intensive games and multimedia t...
10194	Almost five stars if only...	I just started using this video monitor and I think it is really good quality. Picture is very clear and sharp. My only beef is that there is no way that I can find to turn the sound on constant. Basically the sound turns on every time the baby makes a noise then mutes itself after about 10 seconds until the baby makes another noise. I would prefer to have the sound be on constantly because the off and on is a bit jarring and makes it difficult to sleep. So annoying to me that I'm tempted to return it. Other than that it is a really good system and if you can stand the constant muting then this is the system for you.	BrandXYZ introduces the latest in Wireless Digital Technology with excellent video quality and audio quality. The digital signal is secure and interference free. Add up to three cameras to this system for surveillance in various locations. Enjoy the convenience of an included rechargeable battery and cradle in addition to the built in stand & belt clip
10195	Wow - How Stupid is this?	I don't usually bother writing too many reviews but I had to with this one. This product seemed to have good reviews so I bought one. The first night, it worked great and then 2nd night, the signal kept dropping from the camera to the receiver. And no, it doesn't make any sound or warning when the signal drops. It is used for the baby's room so it is a critical piece of equipment for our family. The signal dropping was intermittent and I tried pairing the receiver to the camera, reboot, etc... and finally gave up. I called customer support and they said that if I have a wireless phone at home, to turn it off and it will work right. There is no documentation or warning on this in any of their manuals. So, I asked, "let me get this straight - I can use this system but I can't have my phone on"... answer "Uhh.. yeah". Stupid!!!!!! It's going back to Amazon with a big complaint. Note: This same system has various different names on Amazon, the Safe Baby "Guaranteed Interference Free" system is same product, different name. Don't waste your money!	BrandXYZ introduces the latest in Wireless Digital Technology with excellent video quality and audio quality. The digital signal is secure and interference free. Add up to three cameras to this system for surveillance in various locations. Enjoy the convenience of an included rechargeable battery and cradle in addition to the built in stand & belt clip
10051	what a peace of junk	i dont see how others are doing better then me on this board. . i cant get the sound to play right. i have trid with my sound card and the onboard sound. both sound bad. my sound card worked will on my old board. and it runs like an old computer. the only thing it will do better then my old one is windows will install the way it should. my old motherboard runs and works so much better its unreal. but.... windows is hell to load. i would just toss it but i have 4 gb of ddr 3 mem for it and that cost a lot more. i have the worst luck on building my computers now days.	With resource intensive games and multimedia tools constantly evolving to the next technological level, you need equally advanced hardware to ensure the best possible computing experience. Hardcore gamers and multimedia enthusiasts can take solace in the fact that next-generation BrandXYZ? Extreme Series Desktop Boards combine with the latest BrandXYZ processors to run the most demanding software applications with ease. Amazon.com Product DescriptionWith resource intensive games and multimedia t...
10199	NEW BABY DADDY	GREAT PICTURE AND SOUND CAMERA SENSITIVITY SENSITIVE TO ADJUSTMENT NEEDS TWO PERSONS TO SET UP	BrandXYZ introduces the latest in Wireless Digital Technology with excellent video quality and audio quality. The digital signal is secure and interference free. Add up to three cameras to this system for surveillance in various locations. Enjoy the convenience of an included rechargeable battery and cradle in addition to the built in stand & belt clip
10201	AMAZING....	I had originally tried the Sharx SCX2601LD 2.4 GHz Wireless Pan Tilt because you could move the camera around the room remotely. It stopped working after 15 minutes. I replaced it with the Lorex and it's been incredible. I have the camera in the basement and the monitor upstairs. I get the clearest picture ever and absolutely no interference of any kind. It did bother me that the sound would only come on when the baby would make a noise. I liked having a constant sound. But I quickly got used to it. There is about a 1.5 second delay between when the baby makes a sound and when you hear it on the monitor. We've had this for about 1 month now. It's constantly on and still works beautifully. An awesome buy, even if I can't tilt the camera remotely.	BrandXYZ introduces the latest in Wireless Digital Technology with excellent video quality and audio quality. The digital signal is secure and interference free. Add up to three cameras to this system for surveillance in various locations. Enjoy the convenience of an included rechargeable battery and cradle in addition to the built in stand & belt clip
10052	Gran calidad a bajo precio	Intel una de las mejores marcas del mercado,,, confio mucho en ella,.de la nueva linea DDR3 esta es una buena opcion si te interesan los juegos de alta definicion en video,, ya que esta tarjeta madre no trae integrado vga,.,. entonces te obliga a ponerle una tarjeta de video, obviamente estaras tentado por una de gran capacidad como de 1Gb,.-La recomiento mucho.. maneja facilmente RAID y dispositivos de alta potencia...Todas mis compras en Amazon an sido exitosas,,completamente satisfecho.,.	With resource intensive games and multimedia tools constantly evolving to the next technological level, you need equally advanced hardware to ensure the best possible computing experience. Hardcore gamers and multimedia enthusiasts can take solace in the fact that next-generation BrandXYZ? Extreme Series Desktop Boards combine with the latest BrandXYZ processors to run the most demanding software applications with ease. Amazon.com Product DescriptionWith resource intensive games and multimedia t...
10959	Muddy, distorted sound	I bought this product on [...] a little while back. On my iPod Touch, with the EQ turned off, the sound is muddy, indistinct, and distorted. The very low frequencies sound merely okay, and anything higher (voices, most instruments, percussion) sounds like it's being played through a thick pillow--muted and muffled. It makes me think of watching TV behind a pane of glass or something--you can hear what's going on, but everything sounds a little bit off. You can do better than this for much less money, honestly. Just going by sound quality, these sound like $[...] earbuds. I would suggest these, which are cheap and have solid sound quality, though unfortunately short longevity (I've owned 8-9 pairs in the last 4 years):	Featuring high-fidelity 9mm neodymium drivers, a gold-plated 3.5mm stereo plug, and a unique lightweight alloy metal body that effectively delivers clear, powerful sound while providing a comfortable listening experience.
10055	Motherboard won't even POST	I ordered this motherboard a couple of days ago along with a bunch of other things with the intention to create a good gaming computer. Among the things I bought are a pair of OCZ 2gb DDR3 chips, which well I assumed they'd be perfect for this motherboard. Apparently I made a big mistake. I've been researching for an hour now, and found out that this motherboard won't work whatsoever if you connect overclocked RAM on it, without flashing it for a BIOS upgrade first. Obviously this can be expected, as the RAM I bought runs at 1.7v instead of the 1.5v standard. So well, I thought I'd try to upgrade the BIOS, but so far I haven't even managed to make the motherboard to POST. I've already removed every single piece of hardware attached to it. The HD, the RAM, the video card, the CPU. Checked the CPU fan, and even checked it with another PSU I had around here. Still nothing, won't get to POST. I found some sites that suggested to clear the CMOS, but this didn't work either. In fact, I'm not sure if I've managed to clear it as I don't get anything on screen to be sure it worked. I don't know, the specs of the motherboard look very good on paper, but as I just got my hands on it I've realized this is getting to be a headache of which I'm not sure I gonna get rid of soon. I gonna keep researching, hopefully I can find a way to fix it as returning it is not a realistic option for me (I live in Mexico, returning it would cost me twice as much).	With resource intensive games and multimedia tools constantly evolving to the next technological level, you need equally advanced hardware to ensure the best possible computing experience. Hardcore gamers and multimedia enthusiasts can take solace in the fact that next-generation BrandXYZ? Extreme Series Desktop Boards combine with the latest BrandXYZ processors to run the most demanding software applications with ease. Amazon.com Product DescriptionWith resource intensive games and multimedia t...
10056	No IDE DVD, No floppy DD, No XP sp1, No overspeed memory	When I installed MB and tried to connect IDE DVD and floppy DD, I found that there is no connector for either one. I should have studied MB more but I purchased it because Extreme edition and the price is not so expensive and its brand name. I bought USB floppy and SATA DVD and tried to install XP sp1 but it failed because of PCIE-2 video card. So, I installed XP sp3 and success. Next, I tried to install 1333 DDR Ram and configured with this speed but BIOS doesn't let me set manually, automatically go back to 1066 MHz that is CPU bus frequency. Also, I found that there is a yellow unknown device in device manager. This device is for Vista winbound transceiver. It took so many hours to search the solutions for problem after problem. Finally, I figured out. Next time, I will buy DELL computer.	With resource intensive games and multimedia tools constantly evolving to the next technological level, you need equally advanced hardware to ensure the best possible computing experience. Hardcore gamers and multimedia enthusiasts can take solace in the fact that next-generation BrandXYZ? Extreme Series Desktop Boards combine with the latest BrandXYZ processors to run the most demanding software applications with ease. Amazon.com Product DescriptionWith resource intensive games and multimedia t...
11702	Best Blu-ray for the $$$!	I purchased this BD player from WalMart when it was $299.00. It was well worth the price! The load times really surprised me. I haven't waited more then 30 seconds. Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV. DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The NB500MG9 can play CDs and JPEG photos that have been burned onto CD-Rs, too. Additional highlights include component video output and a digital coaxial output for connecting compatible surround sound systems. You sure can't go wrong for the $$$!	Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV with this BrandXYZ NB500MG9 Blu-ray Disc DVD Player! DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The BrandXYZ NB500MG9 can play BD-Video, BD-RE and BD-R, CDs and JPEG photos. The convenient SD card slot on the NB500MG9 allows easy viewing of hi-def videos and photos on your HDTV. Additional highlights include component video output and a...
10059	Fantastic!	Bought this at your local Big Box recently that is going out of business (CC). Works very well. Setup is a breeze. Although the manual and all reviews tell you that HDMI does not do audio, it does. However, you cannot hear the audio through the Denon unless you use another connection (RCA analog or SPDIF digital). The Denon will pass-through any audio being output by your device via HDMI, but it cannot output it to your speakers. I'm running HDMI and SPDIF Coax out of the Cable Box and I can hear the sound through the TV (connected to Denon by HDMI only) as well as through the Denon. If I unplug the SPDIF, I can only hear through the TV. The same is true for my DVD player - HDMI and SDPIF Coax out to the Denon. Denon works if Coax is connected, TV works either way. This is useful as now I can listen to the TV without turning up the volume on the Denon - useful in the AM and late nite when I'm being quiet for the wife! BTW, I had the "Direct" option turned ON. As far as Audiophile audio quality, I'm not so sure. It would be nice to have the Burr Brown DACs of the "better" models, but since I'm using this mostly for TV/DVD/iPod, I can't complain. It sounds great with the TV and DVDs but I have yet to really sit down and blast it out with CDs or FLACs via my Squeezebox... Maybe this weekend... That being said, this is a 5 for 5 product. Props to Denon for doing us right once again!	BrandXYZ?s AVR-589 surround sound receiver features the latest high definition video connectivity, including dual HDMI v1.3a inputs and an HDMI output that provides up to 1080p resolution pass-through. The AVR-589 features a precision 32-bit floating point DSP processor for optimum surround sound fidelity, a technology normally only found on much more expensive components. Each of the five equal power amplifier channels features 75 Watts of output, able to drive the widest variety of home theate...
10060	Works fine.	The Denon AVR-589 even though it was a scratch and dent, I can't see any scratches or marks on the unit. You have to run audio through a separate set of cables and not through the HDMI, but it seems to work fine. Audyssey balances out the 5.1 speakers.	BrandXYZ?s AVR-589 surround sound receiver features the latest high definition video connectivity, including dual HDMI v1.3a inputs and an HDMI output that provides up to 1080p resolution pass-through. The AVR-589 features a precision 32-bit floating point DSP processor for optimum surround sound fidelity, a technology normally only found on much more expensive components. Each of the five equal power amplifier channels features 75 Watts of output, able to drive the widest variety of home theate...
10065	Awesome backpack/sling bag!	Since the 5DMK2 won't fit in my Canon Zoom Pack 1000, I decided to upgrade to a full backpack with a quick-draw setup. I didn't want a full time sling bag (ie slingshot 300) with so much weight on one shoulder, but I needed the quick draw setup that most sling bags have. The Kata 3N1-30 can switch from a full backpack to left or right sling bag with padded waist support! Perfect! I must admit the 3N1-30 is bigger than I expected from the photos. But it is well padded and the yellow lining helps a lot in search for your gear. The downside I see is the padding in the shoulder straps looks and feels like it will thin out from a year of use. Plus I don't think it will fit my Toshiba 12inch laptop (haven't tried it yet). For the price ($109), I'm glad I got this over the lowepro slingshot 300.	Why choose between a backpack and a sling when you simply can pick up one of the new BrandXYZ 3N1 bags and get the best features of each type of bag? These unique bags provide ultimate freedom designed with three carrying options in one bag: right-handed sling, left-handed sling and backpack. Quick access to a camera has never been faster with a sling that offers a quick release and one-handed bag opening for camera access. Left-handed photographers can celebrate as they discover the first photo...
11918	Good Laptop, I just wish it was more reliable	I received this product as part of the Dell warranty program when another computer failed. I've had the 1535 for three weeks and the panel with the capacitive media buttons has already failed. I like almost everything about this laptop except for the media buttons failing so early (a quick Google search shows that this is a common issue for the 1535). I'll give Dell a call back in a day or so and see what they can do for me. Pros:relatively stylish and slim, especially so for a Dell, excellent WiFi range, has a webcam and multiple recording inputs / headphone jacks, great graphics card, better-than-average battery life Cons: reliability, the media touch sensors are hard to find in the dark, case attracts fingerprints, webcam quality is so-so, sleep mode does not work well for Kubuntu.	BrandXYZ STUDIO 15 NOTEBOOK- Graphite Grey with Black Trim Glossy, widescreen 15.4 inch display , Intel? CoreTM 2 Duo T5750 2.00GHz, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator X3100 , 2 GB DDR2, 160 GB SATA HD, CD / DVD Burner, Wireless-G Card , Integrated 2.0M Pixel Webcam, Integrated Finger Print Reader, Microsoft Works, Windows Vista? Home Premium
11680	Works well, packaging terrible	When I got my drive, all of the cables were unnecessarily taped to the inside of the box with this really nasty tape. The tape left all sorts of nasty sticky tape residue after it was removed. After some really hard scrubbing and multiple cleaning products, it just won't come off. So now I'm left with a sticky power adapter and cables. Otherwise, the drive looks nice and it pretty fast as long as you purchase a firewire 800 cable for it. It only comes with USB 2.0 and FireWire 400 cables, and they're kind of short. Even though I don't have an eSata port on my computer, it's nice that it also comes with that feature if I ever decide to use it. Sometimes I have issues getting it to mount on my computer, and I'm not sure if it's my cable or the actual firewire 800 port on the drive or my computer. It seems to always mount fine using firewire 400. Overall a very good hard drive, at a very cheap price.	BrandXYZ Pro Drive? ? Works Like a Pro. Plug n? Play Simple. High performance storage and backup up to 3X the speed of USB 2.0. With four built-in ways to connect (USB 2.0, FireWire 400, FireWire 800, and 3Gb/sec eSATA) and award-winning backup software included, Pro Drive is a smart investment that delivers everything you need to succeed. High performance desktop hard drive for professionals and prosumers QUAD interface for plug n? play flexibility: USB 2.0 Turbo, FW400, FW800, 3Gbps eSATA Bran...
11681	SimpleTech Pro750Q	The USB interface to my computer running Microsoft Windows XP Pro, SR2 worked well. However, the FireWire 400 interface has not. While I believe the problem is a Windows configuration issue, very little support in troubleshooting it could be found either in the drive documentation or on the product website. In fact, neither the Fast Start instructions nor the more detailed product guide had information to ensure proper Firewire connections. Nevertheless, other than being a bit slow, the drive works very well with the USB connection.	BrandXYZ Pro Drive? ? Works Like a Pro. Plug n? Play Simple. High performance storage and backup up to 3X the speed of USB 2.0. With four built-in ways to connect (USB 2.0, FireWire 400, FireWire 800, and 3Gb/sec eSATA) and award-winning backup software included, Pro Drive is a smart investment that delivers everything you need to succeed. High performance desktop hard drive for professionals and prosumers QUAD interface for plug n? play flexibility: USB 2.0 Turbo, FW400, FW800, 3Gbps eSATA Bran...
11731	Excellent GPS for Truckers	I got this unit to drive my semi. Routing is excellent around Chicago and Indianapolis. I have this GPS for several month now. I love big screen. I used to play with Garmin and I could not see much. I do not use this GPS for movies or for reading books. I think my DVD player in the truck probably better. For routing I would strongly recommend. Big screen for a person of my age is must. I have now couple of friends that purchased the unit from Pilot and are very happy.	7-Inch Worldnav truck GPS with truck-routing GPS for professional truck drivers, bus drivers and RV'ers.
11732	garbage	im a commercial truck driver that delivers hazardous materials. I bought this product thinking it would help, but became a total nightmare. The minute I received the gps the sd card was corrupted so they needed to send me a new one. The device is extremely slow and is not accurate at all. I would not recommend this product to anyone else especially truck drivers. I return it in 3 weeks	7-Inch Worldnav truck GPS with truck-routing GPS for professional truck drivers, bus drivers and RV'ers.
11733	Good for nothing......	Any trucker that used this would toss this out the window so fast. Very unreliable. Very primitive graphics, truck routing is pretty much a gimmick. Any road that is not assigned a number designation is considered a restricted route. This is unreal and criminal if you ask me. They are selling technology from 2001 at top top dollar and the bottom line is, it don't even come close to doing what it promises it will. Please folks take my advice and do not waste your money on this. It is absolute junk. Any review that says other wise is written by a rep from this company. Call them and talk to them, they talk like a bunch of lawyers, it is rediculous.	7-Inch Worldnav truck GPS with truck-routing GPS for professional truck drivers, bus drivers and RV'ers.
11682	Great Drive for the Price!	I've had this drive for a couple weeks. It works great. The quad interface is really handy, now I use firewire 400, which is really fast. In the future I plan to use eSATA, having the choice is great. Extremely quiet, cool when not in use, it gets hot when spinning but not overly hot. If I ever need some more space, I will definitely buy a SimpleTech PRO Quad.	BrandXYZ Pro Drive? ? Works Like a Pro. Plug n? Play Simple. High performance storage and backup up to 3X the speed of USB 2.0. With four built-in ways to connect (USB 2.0, FireWire 400, FireWire 800, and 3Gb/sec eSATA) and award-winning backup software included, Pro Drive is a smart investment that delivers everything you need to succeed. High performance desktop hard drive for professionals and prosumers QUAD interface for plug n? play flexibility: USB 2.0 Turbo, FW400, FW800, 3Gbps eSATA Bran...
11683	Doesn't work with Scientific Atlanta 8300HD DVR	Bought for my Scienticif Atlanta 8300HD DVR, but two different DVRs will not connect; both report device not communicating propoerly. Oh well... Will have to return. Note: I rated three, trying to minimize my affect on the average. I have no idea if good or not, just won't work for my situation.	BrandXYZ Pro Drive? ? Works Like a Pro. Plug n? Play Simple. High performance storage and backup up to 3X the speed of USB 2.0. With four built-in ways to connect (USB 2.0, FireWire 400, FireWire 800, and 3Gb/sec eSATA) and award-winning backup software included, Pro Drive is a smart investment that delivers everything you need to succeed. High performance desktop hard drive for professionals and prosumers QUAD interface for plug n? play flexibility: USB 2.0 Turbo, FW400, FW800, 3Gbps eSATA Bran...
11684	Not As A DVR Extender	Beautifully made, quiet, with all the output ports. But it won't work as a DVR storage extender with the Scientific Atlanta 8300 DVR which is what I bought it for.	BrandXYZ Pro Drive? ? Works Like a Pro. Plug n? Play Simple. High performance storage and backup up to 3X the speed of USB 2.0. With four built-in ways to connect (USB 2.0, FireWire 400, FireWire 800, and 3Gb/sec eSATA) and award-winning backup software included, Pro Drive is a smart investment that delivers everything you need to succeed. High performance desktop hard drive for professionals and prosumers QUAD interface for plug n? play flexibility: USB 2.0 Turbo, FW400, FW800, 3Gbps eSATA Bran...
11686	Great ipod dock, could use an improvement or two...	This is a great product but it does have a minor issue or two that could use improvement. First: The Brightness setting. The brightness setting resets itself to bright each time I dock or undock the iPod. Not a big deal but it means that every night I have to set it back to the dim mode. Second: Does not support the iPhone 3G... well actually it does. It just causes the iPhone 3G to display the "not designed for iPhone" message and prompts you to turn off the radio features of the iPhone. This is not necessary as it works fine with no interference to the clock radio. Third: The Remote is required. If you lose the remote it is very difficult to change the settings on the clock radio as the buttons on very non-intuitive. I have not lost the remote yet, but can see it happening at sometime in the future... in a move maybe. Fourth: a USB port to be able to use the clock to sync the iPod to your computer while it is docked in the clock. Not really a big deal as this is probably a bedside clock and syncing there doesn't make much sense. That said, it has many great features as well. Sleep mode where it will turn off the music after 15, 30, 45, or 60 minutes. This is a feature the iPod should have all by itself, but it does not. [UPDATE: The iPhone does have this feature, just not intuitively. Go to clock, select timer on the bottom, enter time until event, choose "Sleep ipod". Still very nice to have on the clock as it is much much easier to do with one click of the remote.] Aux input which lets you use any music source and not just an iPod. Two alarm settings, each of which can choose it's own audio source. ipod, radio, beep, or aux input. Giant display, great for those of us who are blind without our glasses. Great design, looks good, and fits into my decor. Overall, a good product, would have gotten 5 stars if they had fixed the brightness issue.	Large format time display and speaker system for your iPod
11687	Great Clock, bad buttons	I've been using this product for well over a couple of months now and will tell you this is a huge display clock. I love the display and the charge dock on it. You will never sleep through the alarm it has. The Cons of this product is the buttons on top of the clock. If you don't have the remote in your hands then it gets slightly irritating to fiddle with the buttons on top because it behaves weirdly and making it go into snooze is quite difficult. Otherwise it's a great product and I recommend it for all heavy sleepers like me.	Large format time display and speaker system for your iPod
11688	Cygnett Horrible Item	This is a piece of junk to put it plain and simple. Quality is lacking, has stopped functioning after 8 months of use. Time keeping is not a strong point. Goes crazy, advancing up to 2 hours on the time. Sound quality is to say the least lacking. Horrible controls, unclear third world instructions. Would not Recommend to anyone for purchase.	Large format time display and speaker system for your iPod
11689	good sound andlook but cheap plastic	ok guys the rados dosn't work it's ok bca i don't use it to listen to radio but after 5 days the remote control stopped working i checked the company web site and did what they says change the battery and check the hold botten in ur i pod and see but still not working .	Large format time display and speaker system for your iPod
11693	Highest quality Blu Ray picture of our three Blu Ray players	We have a Sylvania Blu Ray player which has an excellent picture and a Samsung model 1500 which has a very good picture. Our fairly new Magnavox Blu Ray player which we purchased at Walmart has an outstanding picture and plays old scratched DVD's well even old 480 digital format DVD's. The Magnavox is the top rated model at Consumer Reports currently although the Sylvania Blu Ray player used to be the top pic at Consumer Reports previously, but I think the Sylvania Blu Ray player model has been discontinued. There is no S video connection on the Magnavox, but with HDMI there is really no need for a S video connection	Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV with this BrandXYZ NB500MG9 Blu-ray Disc DVD Player! DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The BrandXYZ NB500MG9 can play BD-Video, BD-RE and BD-R, CDs and JPEG photos. The convenient SD card slot on the NB500MG9 allows easy viewing of hi-def videos and photos on your HDTV. Additional highlights include component video output and a...
11694	AVOID Magnavox and Funai	We purchased this item for about $130 on a black friday sale in Nov. 28, 2008. It worked great until 8:15 P.M. on March 29, 2009. It stopped playing Blu-Rays. After e-mailing Funai, I received a reply with a customer service number. I called that number and they referred me to a local repair center. I was advised by this authorized repair center I would have to pay a MINIMUM of $45, just to have them look at. (REALLY! $45 on something that isn't 4 months old. What about the 1 year manufacturer's warranty? I am aware that I could have purchased an extended warranty from Wal-Mart, but most financial experts say they are unecessary upcharges designed to make more money for the stores. These experts say if you feel that you need the extended warranty, just put that money toward a better product. (I sure wish we did). That $130 could have gone towards a Sony that we will now buy. Based on the "durability" on a Magnavox product and the "great" customer service provided by Funai, I will avoid these products in the future. And I would advise others to do the same.	Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV with this BrandXYZ NB500MG9 Blu-ray Disc DVD Player! DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The BrandXYZ NB500MG9 can play BD-Video, BD-RE and BD-R, CDs and JPEG photos. The convenient SD card slot on the NB500MG9 allows easy viewing of hi-def videos and photos on your HDTV. Additional highlights include component video output and a...
11695	Poor Customer Service	I had this Blu Ray Player for about 4 months before it failed to play Blu Ray discs. I called support (actually Funai Corp.) and they setup a UPS pickup. That was about 6 weeks ago and my latest call to them revealed that they won't be able to tell when they can replace it until after they have had it for 2 months. The Rep told me that this is their Rapid Exchange program. Would not recommend purchasing.	Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV with this BrandXYZ NB500MG9 Blu-ray Disc DVD Player! DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The BrandXYZ NB500MG9 can play BD-Video, BD-RE and BD-R, CDs and JPEG photos. The convenient SD card slot on the NB500MG9 allows easy viewing of hi-def videos and photos on your HDTV. Additional highlights include component video output and a...
11919	Terrible purchase - Don't Do It!	My husband purchased this laptop for me for Christmas. It's very cute, but completely non-functional if you want to use Belkin wireless to connect to the internet in your home. It is NOT compatible with Belkin routers. After hours upon hours on the phone with Dell (who claimed it was everyone else's issue), Belkin (I have two other computers using this wireless router and they work fine), Trend Micro (two other computers with no issues with Trend Micro) and even paying $100 to have a technician find out what the issue was, we realized it was the wireless card. I called Dell back (another set of countless hours repeating the ENTIRE situation over and over) to inform them of this and they ordered a brand new wireless card (same exact one as the one that didn't work with the Belkin before) and had THEIR technician replace it. He couldn't get it to work either. However, they were willing to allow me to return it for a full refund. I am buying an HP!	BrandXYZ STUDIO 15 NOTEBOOK- Graphite Grey with Black Trim Glossy, widescreen 15.4 inch display , Intel? CoreTM 2 Duo T5750 2.00GHz, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator X3100 , 2 GB DDR2, 160 GB SATA HD, CD / DVD Burner, Wireless-G Card , Integrated 2.0M Pixel Webcam, Integrated Finger Print Reader, Microsoft Works, Windows Vista? Home Premium
11920	If I could give this laptop a negative star, I would!!!	Okay, where should I start? Maybe that after 3 months of use, very minimal I might add, the hard drive crashed. So, for over a week it didn't work while I had to wait for a REFURBISHED hard drive to be sent to me. I didn't realize I would be an unpaid employee for Dell when I bought this laptop. (I had to install the hard drive myself). This whole process with the phone call and all was a good 10 hours. (Not counting time to reinstall all software, etc.) Then, after 5 months of use, the laptop started shutting down on its own after about 30 minutes of use. Needless to say, another lengthy call to Dell Support at which time they sent a technician to my home. (I had to wait a couple of days and he showed up 5 hours late. I was more than a little irritable since I had left work early to meet him at my home when he as supposed to show up.) Come to find out, he replaced the mother board and AC adaptor. (I mentioned the fact that the optical drive was acting up as well, issue not addressed) (Again, not to mention I had to reinstall all software again.) Well, a WHOLE month later, the computer wouldn't boot, so after 5 hours on Dell Support, the technician had me reinstall the operating system and all drivers. (Not to mention after that, I had to reinstall software AGAIN, getting the picture???) Well, AC adaptor is acting up again, optical drive still trying to eject a disc that is not in the drive, and the computer so slow I can't hardly stand to use it. Called support again, she told me the previous technician incorrectly instructed me on how to fix the problem. Had me take the computer to the original settings. So guess what I'm doing now?? You guessed it, reinstalling the software for 5th time in 6 months!!! So basically, unless you have the time and want a hobby of being on tech support and installing hardware/software, do NOT buy this laptop. I'm just wondering, does Dell ever have the policy of if the computer is a piece of crap, that they will replace it? I keep getting denied for my request. Hope this was helpful.	BrandXYZ STUDIO 15 NOTEBOOK- Graphite Grey with Black Trim Glossy, widescreen 15.4 inch display , Intel? CoreTM 2 Duo T5750 2.00GHz, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator X3100 , 2 GB DDR2, 160 GB SATA HD, CD / DVD Burner, Wireless-G Card , Integrated 2.0M Pixel Webcam, Integrated Finger Print Reader, Microsoft Works, Windows Vista? Home Premium
11921	amazing laptop	i've had this laptop for about 3 months now and it is perfect. i'm always going to friends houses and it connects instantly to their wireless internet. and i love the hdmi output for watching movies on my plasma.	BrandXYZ STUDIO 15 NOTEBOOK- Graphite Grey with Black Trim Glossy, widescreen 15.4 inch display , Intel? CoreTM 2 Duo T5750 2.00GHz, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator X3100 , 2 GB DDR2, 160 GB SATA HD, CD / DVD Burner, Wireless-G Card , Integrated 2.0M Pixel Webcam, Integrated Finger Print Reader, Microsoft Works, Windows Vista? Home Premium
11922	Worst laptop ever!!!	I purchased this computer new at the beginning of August as a gift for my sister in Europe. We were watching a DVD on the machine with my sister and noticed that the sound of the computer is too faint even at maximum volume. I took the computer back to the U.S. to have it fixed. I first spent 2 hours on the phone with a technician who updated my sound drivers (something I had already done and told him so). Since that didn't work, he sent a technician over to replace the speakers. The first technician was sent only screws. The second technician replaced the speakers, which did not solve the problem, and damaged the laptop in the process. The third technician "repaired" the second technician's damage. Unfortunately, the sound stopped working completely after that. I have spent over 6 hours on the phone with DELL, spoke with 3 different supervisors. I only wanted to return the system and get my money back. They refused to return the computer and wanted to give me a refurbished machine in return. BEWARE when you buy, because you are purchasing the worst product on the market from a very incompetent customer service company.	BrandXYZ STUDIO 15 NOTEBOOK- Graphite Grey with Black Trim Glossy, widescreen 15.4 inch display , Intel? CoreTM 2 Duo T5750 2.00GHz, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator X3100 , 2 GB DDR2, 160 GB SATA HD, CD / DVD Burner, Wireless-G Card , Integrated 2.0M Pixel Webcam, Integrated Finger Print Reader, Microsoft Works, Windows Vista? Home Premium
11923	USB Printer Issues - Customer as Test Pilot	Twenty hours over two weeks with Dell support and others and the computer (Studio 15 1536) is on its way back to Dell. New HP printer would not print via USB, HP and Dell could not solve the issue. Bought a Dell printer upon recommendation from Dell. This printer would not print from USB, even after hours of remote support from Dell. In the eleventh hour, Dell wanted one more try after Dell assisted in removing all biz software and files prior to return (F8 option to restore to factory image not available). I appreciate it - but I am not getting paid to debug Dell's computers. Indeed, I paid for a computer that worked, i.e., could print. If a Dell computer cannot print as shipped, then don't ship it. If the problem is a known problem, then let the consumer know immediately - not after numerous phone calls, disconnects, purchases of new Dell equipment, software upgrades, etc. Dell should not use its customer base as test pilots. While I have bought numerous Dell computers (at least 4), I cannot continue given this experience of their "test pilot" policy.	BrandXYZ STUDIO 15 NOTEBOOK- Graphite Grey with Black Trim Glossy, widescreen 15.4 inch display , Intel? CoreTM 2 Duo T5750 2.00GHz, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator X3100 , 2 GB DDR2, 160 GB SATA HD, CD / DVD Burner, Wireless-G Card , Integrated 2.0M Pixel Webcam, Integrated Finger Print Reader, Microsoft Works, Windows Vista? Home Premium
11924	do not buy this laptop it is a piece of junk!	at first i was glad to get this laptop it worked fine for about a week and then alot of keys on the keyboard fell off. so we had to call dell customer support and they sent over a guy to replace the keyboard,after that was all done the mouse stopped working and dell customer support is so usless they cant tell us what to do about it. worthless piece of junk	BrandXYZ STUDIO 15 NOTEBOOK- Graphite Grey with Black Trim Glossy, widescreen 15.4 inch display , Intel? CoreTM 2 Duo T5750 2.00GHz, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator X3100 , 2 GB DDR2, 160 GB SATA HD, CD / DVD Burner, Wireless-G Card , Integrated 2.0M Pixel Webcam, Integrated Finger Print Reader, Microsoft Works, Windows Vista? Home Premium
11925	great design	I have had over 6 Dell Laptops over the last 10 years. Now I have 3 studio 15's and Have to say they are awesome! For some reason only computer idiots are writing reviews of late. the problems described that I have read are software based and or minor problems for the most part. The Studio 15 has the most amazing LED screen, sexy design, good processors and good performance. The standard Battery holds a 3 hour charge surfing the internet. Also one review says that this laptop only comes with one video card choice, in fact this is wrong, from dell you can choose 3 different cards, 2 are ATI one with 256mb another with 512mb. Also a blue ray option and backlit keyboard. While it's true Dell uses refurbished parts to fix problems, this is in their commitment to be green and renew parts that have nothing wrong with them. These refurbished parts are not used in the real sense, they are pulled from new returns that are not repairable and these parts had nothing wrong with them. When you read a negative review on a good system think about the source and their knowledge. The funniest review said a "Printer" would not work with the laptop, maybe its old, maybe there are not drivers for vista for it, if the printer did not work with the laptop its not the laptop's fault but the printer.	BrandXYZ STUDIO 15 NOTEBOOK- Graphite Grey with Black Trim Glossy, widescreen 15.4 inch display , Intel? CoreTM 2 Duo T5750 2.00GHz, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator X3100 , 2 GB DDR2, 160 GB SATA HD, CD / DVD Burner, Wireless-G Card , Integrated 2.0M Pixel Webcam, Integrated Finger Print Reader, Microsoft Works, Windows Vista? Home Premium
11926	Last PC and DEFINITELY LAST DELL I'd buy	I could sum this up in one word. Crap. Yes, it does more or less everything that a PC is supposed to do. It's the little things... Like the AC Adapter and batteries not being worth a darn after 9 months. Like that annoying media thing button that you only have to come near touching to make it come on. Like it not waking up out of standby for several minutes. Like, for some reason, the keys popping of the keyboard WAY too easily. When it's working right it works and does what it's supposed to do... which in the case of Windows Vista is be a complete PITA. I also have a Dell Latitude for work. Keys stay on keyboard but battery/AC adapter are also crap. Sound sucks. I'm on a Mac like a hobo on a ham sammich after the Studio dies.	BrandXYZ STUDIO 15 NOTEBOOK- Graphite Grey with Black Trim Glossy, widescreen 15.4 inch display , Intel? CoreTM 2 Duo T5750 2.00GHz, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator X3100 , 2 GB DDR2, 160 GB SATA HD, CD / DVD Burner, Wireless-G Card , Integrated 2.0M Pixel Webcam, Integrated Finger Print Reader, Microsoft Works, Windows Vista? Home Premium
11927	Design flaw	I purchased the Dell studio 15 stright from Dell because my son recommended it as a good buy. NOT...I do not recommend you purchase this unit for three reasons. 1. Customer Service or lack of....Hours of repeating the same ol information to the folks in Calcutta India with names like, Susan, Daniel, Robert or Michelle...the robot that you get first does speak good english but has a one track mind. 2. The studio 15 speaker grill above the key pad is put in place with a couple weld units which gives the grill the appearance that it has been hit with a ball pein hammer in a couple places..it can be slightly wavey to very wavy to looking like big dents. I have just recieved my third computer and all have dents. All after the folks in India have assured me that my next computer will be dent free....if the dents are real bad I think it causes issues with the touch pad such as the dvd unit trying to eject a disk at random times when there is no disk in the unit. 3.Dell charged me $79.00 for McAffe and never informed me at the time of purchase that this was going to be an add on. When I called back and told them I didn't order McAffe they told me I had to take it anyway. When I told them I was going to complain to the Attorney General for the state of Michigan they gave me a supervisor who in turn gave me $50.00 off my purchase price which I have yet to receive. HAVE NOW RECEIVED All in all it's been a bad experience for me and I would not purchase another Dell... Edward	BrandXYZ STUDIO 15 NOTEBOOK- Graphite Grey with Black Trim Glossy, widescreen 15.4 inch display , Intel? CoreTM 2 Duo T5750 2.00GHz, Intel Graphics Media Accelerator X3100 , 2 GB DDR2, 160 GB SATA HD, CD / DVD Burner, Wireless-G Card , Integrated 2.0M Pixel Webcam, Integrated Finger Print Reader, Microsoft Works, Windows Vista? Home Premium
12265	Wonderful Sound	Wonderful sound and the best detail I've heard anywhere near this price. The "fit and finish" is that of an expensive product. A premium product at a very moderate price. Some people might prefer more bass for music like hip hop. But I find the bass is full and accurate. I listen to many types of music and I would find added bass artificial. I'm not implying that bass is lacking in this model - just that some headphones intentionally boost bass. If that's your thing, there may be better headphones for you. Note that the 300 sits on the ear. I believe the 350 covers the ear. Phiaton does a poor job of explaining the differences between models.	The BrandXYZ MS 300 Moderna Series headphones feature a double shelled carbon fiber enclosure and optimized airflow to convey the subtle layers of your music with acoustic impedance control for rich bass and smooth sound at your preferred listening volume. The closed ear design promotes optimal delivery of sound to your inner world, while keeping external noise outside your space. The ultra strong, yet lightweight, Moderna headphones have a comfortable, compact on-ear fit with a flexible ?fold a...
11928	I Don't Need No Stinkin' $1000 Sound Bar!	I really needed something to complement my 42 inch LCD HDTV for its speakers had really poor sound. I wanted a sound bar, because well I'm lazy and I didn't feel like making a weekend project out of installing speakers and fishing wires all over the place. Also they are generally pretty energy efficient (8 watts total power consumption). The only bad thing about sound bars is that they can run anywhere between $500-$1000 and up these days. So I wanted something cheap. I came across the AcoustaBar SD Home Theater Sound Bar. I can admit at first, I was a bit skeptical about purchasing the AcoustaBar SD. I mean there's not a lot of research on it (besides what is known about Dynavox speakers which are really good by the way) and its 340 watt sister hasn't been getting the greatest reviews, so who wouldn't be. All I can say is I am definitely glad I purchased this. The sound is so crisp and the bass is really deep. With the surround sound feature, it really sounds like I have multiple speakers placed throughout the room. In addition, it's perfect to install on a wall or a mantle. Set up only took a few minutes and it comes with rca jacks and a jack for a pc input. As for the cons, well there is no manual to begin with. I mean its not like like you need one or anything because it is very straight forward in its design and function. I just would've preferred one anyway, espicially one with a printed warranty statement. But if you just go to their website, they have a warranty statement that guarantees the product to be free of defects for 1 year. Another problem: It comes poorly packed inside a box (seems like it came straight from China). It's really weird, it's wrapped in a drawstring bag with 2 foam cubes on either side and then wrapped with a thin foam sheet in the middle. Because of this shoddy packing job, it suffered a very small minor ding on the bottom front side-no big deal it has character now. Oddly enough, it feels well built and cheap at the same time. The speakers exhibit quality materials and workmanship, yet the main interface is a little lacking in refined details. On the contrary, I have yet to experience any static interference or sudden unavoidable changes in volume often associated with its 340 watt counterpart. Regardless, I am very happy with this purchase. For the steal I got it for from Amazon, I can look beyond the minor blemishes and relax with a awesome sounding (540 watts YEAH!) Home Theater Sound Bar that is energy efficient. My home theater is complete, I just hope this product lasts more than a couple of years.	AcoustaBar Home Theater SRS Surround Sound Bar, IPod Dock, 520 watt certified green amplifier only uses 8 watts electricity, 6 Drivers Midrange, dome tweeter, dual built-in sub-woofers. Room filling sound with patented, exclusive Power Bass Compresson engine ideal for movies or making your I-Pod come alive. Integrated SRS Focus / 3D Sound Field, Connects to your TV with only 2 RCA connections, Remote control included. 31.5" Length ideal for large LCD HD TVs
11929	Works for me	This solved my problem of wanting better sound for my Samsung flat screen without a bunch of speakers and wires. The sound is good - it doesnt' hint at being 5 speaker surround - but is so much better than the tv that the differnece is remarkable. I also like the ipod capability and I have my Bose cc/radio plugged in to it.	AcoustaBar Home Theater SRS Surround Sound Bar, IPod Dock, 520 watt certified green amplifier only uses 8 watts electricity, 6 Drivers Midrange, dome tweeter, dual built-in sub-woofers. Room filling sound with patented, exclusive Power Bass Compresson engine ideal for movies or making your I-Pod come alive. Integrated SRS Focus / 3D Sound Field, Connects to your TV with only 2 RCA connections, Remote control included. 31.5" Length ideal for large LCD HD TVs
11930	Dimensions matter	The 5.5 inch height definitely will not fit under your /my typical table mounted screen - the clearance on mine is only 4 inches or so & therefore the soundbar blocked the remote on the tv. Also I wasn't impressed with the sound, there was a difference but it was not $250 worth of difference. Maybe it was the room, long & narrow, but, I got very little if any stereo separation, much less SRS sound & the bass was kinda odd sounding , but, there was bass. Audio systems are very subjective & obviously the prior two reviewers were very pleased, the big thing for me was the physical size, as I needed to place this under my TV on the table & they were just too high & deep to fit. But, hey, with Amazons generous return policy, it doesn't cost that much to try them out, mileage may vary	AcoustaBar Home Theater SRS Surround Sound Bar, IPod Dock, 520 watt certified green amplifier only uses 8 watts electricity, 6 Drivers Midrange, dome tweeter, dual built-in sub-woofers. Room filling sound with patented, exclusive Power Bass Compresson engine ideal for movies or making your I-Pod come alive. Integrated SRS Focus / 3D Sound Field, Connects to your TV with only 2 RCA connections, Remote control included. 31.5" Length ideal for large LCD HD TVs
11931	Bang for your Buck	For the great low price on Amazon, The Noah Dynavox Acoustabar is easily a GREAT deal. Fills the house with rich sound.	AcoustaBar Home Theater SRS Surround Sound Bar, IPod Dock, 520 watt certified green amplifier only uses 8 watts electricity, 6 Drivers Midrange, dome tweeter, dual built-in sub-woofers. Room filling sound with patented, exclusive Power Bass Compresson engine ideal for movies or making your I-Pod come alive. Integrated SRS Focus / 3D Sound Field, Connects to your TV with only 2 RCA connections, Remote control included. 31.5" Length ideal for large LCD HD TVs
11933	I LIKE IT	I've tried a few different Motorola Bluetooths and this one by far is the best for a high end headset if you bought retail. For me it's a comfortable fit in the ear with my ears being a bit larger. In addition the volume is loud and clear although I don't think it filters out noise as advertised but it's better than most I've tried from Motorola. Also the Plantronic headsets, and I tried a few, all had a low volume on high, when all the way up and even the ones that advertised a noise filter, it was useless. I recommend this headset highly.	Model Brand BrandXYZ Model H12 - OEM Spec Type Bluetooth Headset Noise Reduction Yes Ear Coupling Over the Ear Talk Time Up to approximately 5.5 hours Standby Time Over approximately 8 days Operating Range 33 Feet Specifications Connection: MicroUSB connector Dimensions 1.65" x 0.71" x 0.47" Weight 0.4 oz. Features Features CrystalTalk for Headsets: Fillers out background noise using two microphones. TrueComfort Design: Three ear cushions molded speaker and discreet rotating ear hook for a super...
11934	Not Bad, Not Good, but Better than Bad!	I actually like this product..... People say this ear piece sounds better over my Blackberry Pearl on the Freeways in Los Angeles than my last Motorola ear piece, the Motorola H375. BUT on the freeway, I don't always need it in my ear all day long. When I hear a call, the phone has already rung 2 or 3 times (you know, loud radio, trying to drive, etc.). My Motorola H375 used to pick up from Power ON to CONNECT in 3 seconds (from the same phone too!) The Motorola Bluetooth H12 takes 7-9 SECONDS to power-up, play a little chime (pointless), connect to phone, THEN connect to call. By that time the call has gone to voice mail and I have to call back. I need Motorola to make quick response earpieces for L.A. drivers! Till then I'll keep this since people can actually hear me with the freeway tire noise and air conditioning. People can also hear my radio station! So remember to turn the radio down. OTHER NOTES: - Oh, and the listening volume for the H12 is louder than my last ear piece. If I want to blow my ear drums that's my prerogative! - The plastic ear hook is cheaper than the Motorola H375 version. It broke and I had to replace it. I bought replacements from auction sites real cheap. Works AWESOME for people wearing glasses all day like me! - The Motorola H375 was mini-usb charged like my Blackberry and I had all these chargers ready to go. The H12 HAS to be charged by a cradle, but at least they give you two, one for the car and one for home. I actually like the "home" charger better for the car, easier to slide on and off, compared to the H12 "car" charger (really difficult). Now I have THREE cig-lighter chargers for Blackberry, ITouch, and ear-piece, ugh! - I had to buy extra ear rubbers from Motorola directly, but you can find them at auction sites, maybe even Amazon. They are compatible with the H12. - IT'S SOOO NICE to pay only $22 than $75 from office supply stores! AMAZON ROCKS! L.A. freeways are just noisy. Good Luck!	Model Brand BrandXYZ Model H12 - OEM Spec Type Bluetooth Headset Noise Reduction Yes Ear Coupling Over the Ear Talk Time Up to approximately 5.5 hours Standby Time Over approximately 8 days Operating Range 33 Feet Specifications Connection: MicroUSB connector Dimensions 1.65" x 0.71" x 0.47" Weight 0.4 oz. Features Features CrystalTalk for Headsets: Fillers out background noise using two microphones. TrueComfort Design: Three ear cushions molded speaker and discreet rotating ear hook for a super...
11935	Best ear piece ever	Comes with two charging stations - one has a cover for travel and the other one is a desktop style that actually has a magnetic pull so that you dock the ear piece correctly each time. Good sound quality and volume. Finally found a good ear piece that works with my Palm 800W	Model Brand BrandXYZ Model H12 - OEM Spec Type Bluetooth Headset Noise Reduction Yes Ear Coupling Over the Ear Talk Time Up to approximately 5.5 hours Standby Time Over approximately 8 days Operating Range 33 Feet Specifications Connection: MicroUSB connector Dimensions 1.65" x 0.71" x 0.47" Weight 0.4 oz. Features Features CrystalTalk for Headsets: Fillers out background noise using two microphones. TrueComfort Design: Three ear cushions molded speaker and discreet rotating ear hook for a super...
11936	bluetooth	Love the range, versatility, and reception. I wish the charge would last longer, however.	Model Brand BrandXYZ Model H12 - OEM Spec Type Bluetooth Headset Noise Reduction Yes Ear Coupling Over the Ear Talk Time Up to approximately 5.5 hours Standby Time Over approximately 8 days Operating Range 33 Feet Specifications Connection: MicroUSB connector Dimensions 1.65" x 0.71" x 0.47" Weight 0.4 oz. Features Features CrystalTalk for Headsets: Fillers out background noise using two microphones. TrueComfort Design: Three ear cushions molded speaker and discreet rotating ear hook for a super...
12086	Has everything you will need - unless you need true sine wave	This is an excellent unit for the price. The only way it could be better is if it is true sine wave as opposed to the modified sine wave...but those cost more and you seem to have to give up features (like being Green). This one has hot swap batteries, surge protection, AVR, coax protection, digital readouts, and most importantly it saves power because it bypasses the inverter if it is receiving a good power signal. For me that was the most important feature. It won't power everything because it is not true sine wave but basically anything that has a power brick or transformer should be fine. I use it to power an airport extreme, time capsule, and cable modem and it works great.	The Intelligent LCD Series CP825AVRLCD UPS, designed for mid- to high-end computer systems, is the only UPS in its class to feature the combined power of AVR line conditioning, multifunction LCD readout, compact footprint, and "Green UPS" cost-reducing technology. The patented GreenPower UPS? technology used in this UPS unit significantly reduces energy-usage and cooling costs associated with UPS power protection. In fact, the GreenPower UPS? advanced circuitry bypass reduces energy use by up to...
12087	So Far, So Good	Since I installed the unit, I've had one momentary power outage that caused a microwave oven to lose track of time. The modem and router that I have plugged into the unit stayed connected to the internet.	The Intelligent LCD Series CP825AVRLCD UPS, designed for mid- to high-end computer systems, is the only UPS in its class to feature the combined power of AVR line conditioning, multifunction LCD readout, compact footprint, and "Green UPS" cost-reducing technology. The patented GreenPower UPS? technology used in this UPS unit significantly reduces energy-usage and cooling costs associated with UPS power protection. In fact, the GreenPower UPS? advanced circuitry bypass reduces energy use by up to...
12088	Great Battery Backup	I bought this to replace an APC unit that went belly up. So far I am really pleased with this CyberPower unit. The software interface works well, and I really like the LCD display on the unit. Buy Now was the seller, and they did great!	The Intelligent LCD Series CP825AVRLCD UPS, designed for mid- to high-end computer systems, is the only UPS in its class to feature the combined power of AVR line conditioning, multifunction LCD readout, compact footprint, and "Green UPS" cost-reducing technology. The patented GreenPower UPS? technology used in this UPS unit significantly reduces energy-usage and cooling costs associated with UPS power protection. In fact, the GreenPower UPS? advanced circuitry bypass reduces energy use by up to...
12089	DiCAPac water case	The DiCAPac waterproof case was very useful on the cruise. You could take your SLR camera without worrying about what to do with it when you went in the water. You took it with you. The pictures turned our great. The camera case was also big enough to carry everthing we needed for the trip.	Kit includes:. ? 1) BrandXYZ WP-S10 Waterproof Case for SLR Cameras. ? 2) Spare BLM-1 Reachargeable Battery. ? 3) Precision Design 2000 Deluxe SLR System Camera Case. ? 4) Precision Design Deluxe 6 Piece Lens & Digital SLR Camera Cleaning. ? 5) Lenspen Lens Pen Cleaning System. ? 6) LensPen DigiKlear LCD Screen Cleaning System. The BrandXYZ WP-S10 is an all-weather vinyl case for Digital SLR cameras, that lays nearly flat for. storage and is totally waterproof up to 16.4 feet (5 meters) deep! Co...
12122	Great product, easy to install	I purchased this EVGA card to replace a malfunctioning card that was causing me problems on my reletively new PC system. I wanted to try and match card characteristics between this card and the one on my system as closely as possible but with a lower power requirement. This EVGA GeForce 9400 GT did the trick. The shipping delivery of the card was timely and the installation was straight-forward for anyone confident in their ability to install or remove adapter cards on PCs. I have not suffered any glitches or problems since the card was installed and the performance is superb. I will be keeping EVGA on my hardware shopping list for any future purchases.	The features of the 9400 GT 512-P3-N944-LR include the GeForce 9400 GT(550MHz clock) chipset, 512MB of 128-bit DDR2 memory with a 400 MHz clock with an effective rate of 800 MHz, 1400MHz Shader Clock, 16 processing cores, PCI Express 2.0 compatibility, Dual DVI-I connectors, 12.8GB per second memory bandwidth, NVIDIA unified architecture, Full Microsoft DirectX 10 support, NVIDIA PureVideo HD technology, and OPEN GL 2.1 support. Built for Microsoft Windows Vista. This product comes with a one ye...
12266	MS-300 Headphones	Wow, these are nice. I've had low end and hi end headphones in my life. These rank among the best. I had read a review of them in Stereophile Magazine. I received mine yesterday and was blown away. It has a 1/8" plug , so you'll need to get an adaptor if you want to plug into a 1/4 " input. I was surprised about the small headphone line - it's really skinny and flimsy looking . But- I actually like it because it's not so bulky and in the way - especially when I'm listening to my Ipod. It's a beauty- love the red !	The BrandXYZ MS 300 Moderna Series headphones feature a double shelled carbon fiber enclosure and optimized airflow to convey the subtle layers of your music with acoustic impedance control for rich bass and smooth sound at your preferred listening volume. The closed ear design promotes optimal delivery of sound to your inner world, while keeping external noise outside your space. The ultra strong, yet lightweight, Moderna headphones have a comfortable, compact on-ear fit with a flexible ?fold a...
12269	Poduct is great..Linksys support was not	This product was exactly what I was looking for. Create a network using my Sprint USB Mobile Data Card so that 3 folks could share the connection. Problem #1 - The Sprint USB mobile device (598U) I started out with was not officially supported so it worked sporatically. I understand this but you can not find this product on the Linksys site at all. I called their "tech" support to find out why it didn't work. Took me over 2 hours to get through the hard to understand support people. Just ouch. I had a headache after getting off the phone. After getting an officially supported card the product worked great. Not one issue in the 3 months we have been using it.	Marketing description is not available.
12270	I love it, Works perfectly for me	I'm in my truck all day and the company i work for provides a Sprint EVDO Card for my laptop. I also have to connect though a VPN Server on my laptop. Well i recently purchased a Ipod Touch and wanted to get it online while I'm mobile. This product works perfectly for that application. I'm able to maintain my VPN for the company connection and connect my ipod and stream audio all day long. I also recommended this to a coworker and he uses his at home. The only problem he has is leaving his turned on for more than 24 hours requires a power cycle. But since i turn mine off every night when i get home from work i don't have this issue.	Marketing description is not available.
12271	Exactly what I needed!	What a great device! I use it with my Sprint AC595 and out of the box it was plug and play. Literally, plug it in and you are online. I skipped the included CD Wizard and did the setup manually through the web browser (wired LAN connection required at first). Configuration is pretty straightforward if you have any router experience... and this router has all the nice features you would come to expect: port forwarding, QoS (on some apps), DMZ, Static/DHCP, MAC filtering... the list goes on. Easy security setup, too! The Sprint card connected instantly and without any hiccups. It is great to be able to have WiFi while driving (use my iPod Touch to stream internet radio while on the road), and even at job sites where several people can access the net through the one Sprint card. The Wifi signal is quite powerful, too. I put it in my car and walked a couple of hundred yards in every direction and was still getting a good signal on my iPod Touch. It penetrates the walls of my office building just fine, too. I like the fact it has an SMA antenna connector so you could add a higher-gain antenna if you needed to. Two of my friends have this same router and love it. No problems with connectivity or compatibility with the AC595, either. The only downside for mobile (in car) use is you need a 12V inverter to power the device, and it's a tad on the large side (roughly 6"x6"x2"). Fits nicely in a laptop case, though, and in all honesty the slightly larger size over the Cradlepoint is well worth the cost savings with this Linksys model.	Marketing description is not available.
12272	Buyer BEWARE!	All I can say is buyer beware. My biggest mistake was trying to save a few dollars and not buying this product from Amazon! Upon arrival the modem worked within five minutes of connecting and both PC's were on line. Then within five more minutes the WRT54G3GV2-ST router logged off and then back on again reconnecting...taking from 45 seconds to 2 minutes each time and freezes any downloads. Well the modem does this continually. [...]	Marketing description is not available.
12273	Great compact bag for short trips	This is one of four bags that I have in my collection. This is the perfect bag to take on short trips into the city or on a nature walk into the woods. It lets you pull out your camera, while you are still walking, and shoot your shot and put it back into the bag. I use to miss shots while traveling but now I am able to get them and still have my equipment protected. The zipper seem to seal themselves shut to protect from water. I carry one camera with lens, second camera body, flash w/GF difuser, 3 lenes and most important it holds a tripod. None of the other sling bags that I found hold a tripod.	The BrandXYZ Shootout Sling bag is unique in its ability to be converted from a ?quick-draw? shooting bag to a long lens bag configuration, offering incredible versatility, especially to sports and wildlife/outdoor photographers. The Sling bag is carried on the back with a single, contoured and padded cross-chest strap rather than two shoulder straps. This design allows it to be instantly swung around in front of the photographer, providing immediate access to a primary camera with mounted lens,...
12274	overall good bag--Excellent cust. support	This bag does perform as advertised very nicely. I do find it's not as comfortable as a regular back-pack, but it does offer quicker access. Reasonable trade-off. I carry a D90 w/lense, and two additional lenses and accessories. There is no good way to carry filters. Some padded pockets would be nice, maybe there's after-market available? **I had my top-handle pull off the bag on the flight to Hawaii. An email sent to Tenba was answered within an hour to my cell phone, and a new bag was overnited to my hotel. They did ask for a CC number that would be discarded once they recieved my old bag back. (also sent pre-paid shipping label for return) Anything this bag lacks, the company made up for with superb customer service!	The BrandXYZ Shootout Sling bag is unique in its ability to be converted from a ?quick-draw? shooting bag to a long lens bag configuration, offering incredible versatility, especially to sports and wildlife/outdoor photographers. The Sling bag is carried on the back with a single, contoured and padded cross-chest strap rather than two shoulder straps. This design allows it to be instantly swung around in front of the photographer, providing immediate access to a primary camera with mounted lens,...
12275	great bag	This bag is very nice. There are some good things about it and other that can be improved. Let's start with the good ones. First the bag is very spacious for the size of it. This means that you control where the things go. One of the great things about this bag is that you can customize it however you want depending on the equipment that you want to carry. The design of the bag is very ingenious. It allows you to have easy and fast access to your camera and you don't have to take off the bag to do this. I have no problems carrying lenses, batteries, charger, memory media, flashes, remotes control, tripods or monopods. The bag is very comfortable when it is worn the right way. Here are some negative things that can be improved. Sometimes I need to take the bag off many times when I am shooting so instead of putting it on the way it is suppose to be I just place it on my shoulder (left shoulder that is, it will not stay on the right shoulder) and this position is a little uncomfortable. So really there is only one comfortable way to carry this bag and that is across your torso (the right way to carry it) if you are this type of photographer that needs to take off the bag continuously for shooting (that is to go on the ground or through a small place) I would recommend to get another bag that has two straps and can be easily placed on any shoulder, stay there, and be comfortable. Another thing that can be improved is the side access to the camera, in order to use this great feature you need to have a specific lens mounted on the camera, if you have a mid range lens the camera might not fit in this compartment limiting you on the easy fast access to the camera while walking or hiking. There are other compartments where you can place the camera with a bigger lens mounted but you will not have the easy access that the bag offers. However, I think this is a minor thing and it will not be of much concern (at least for the kind of shooting I do). However, this bag is one of the few that you can carry your camera and a high power (very long and big) lens. You can take all the things from the inside and it will carry this big lens with your camera. I just think this is a great plus for this bag (considering it is a medium size bag). Finally another great thing about this bag is that the zippers are covered with rubber making it water resistant. So if suddenly starts raining you will have time to pull out the raincoat and cover your bag (this is supplied when you buy the bag). The bag can get a little wet and the things inside will not get wet thanks to this rubber on the zippers. Overall, I think this is a great bag for an amateur photographer (like me). It will hold numerous lenses and accessories with ease and the best thing is that you can customize it depending on your photography needs	The BrandXYZ Shootout Sling bag is unique in its ability to be converted from a ?quick-draw? shooting bag to a long lens bag configuration, offering incredible versatility, especially to sports and wildlife/outdoor photographers. The Sling bag is carried on the back with a single, contoured and padded cross-chest strap rather than two shoulder straps. This design allows it to be instantly swung around in front of the photographer, providing immediate access to a primary camera with mounted lens,...
12276	possibly holds too much for it's own good	Overall i think this is a great bag. You just can't fill every void with gear or else the weight can cause problems for comfort and construction. I had mine for about two months before the main shoulder strap started to separate from the bottom of the bag. When I contacted Tenba for warranty info they were amazing. I actually heard back from someone with a name and she said to send it Attn to her specifically and she would send a replacement. I accidentally left my charger in the bag when I mailed it off and sent her an email asking her to send it back if she found it. The next day she called and found the charger and put it in the new bag to be shipped back. How perfect is that? Aside from the the fact that Tenba stands by their products so reliably, the bag doesn't fit larger cameras in the side pocket very well if you intend to carry around more than a couple lenses. My Canon 40D (without battery grip) fit fine but the attached lens was quite snug. I carried a 50mm 1.4, a 60mm macro, an 11-16mm, 70-300 zoom, a flash and 4 filters and speakers for my ipod. You have to get creative with how you place your lenses in the bag if you plan on carrying around your full kit and even then perhaps the weight is too much. But considering Tenba's level of customer service, it's worth the risk of buying this bag to see if it works for you.	The BrandXYZ Shootout Sling bag is unique in its ability to be converted from a ?quick-draw? shooting bag to a long lens bag configuration, offering incredible versatility, especially to sports and wildlife/outdoor photographers. The Sling bag is carried on the back with a single, contoured and padded cross-chest strap rather than two shoulder straps. This design allows it to be instantly swung around in front of the photographer, providing immediate access to a primary camera with mounted lens,...
12280	The best bag!	I really like this one! It is relatively small, but very flexible and you can fit in many things. I can fit in: - Sony A700 + vertigal grip + Carl Zeiss 24-70mm f/2.8 (with the hood on) and Sony 70-200mm f/2.8 and there is pleanty of room for at least two small lenses, flash and many accessories. - Sony A700 + vertigal grip + Sony 300mm f/2.8 (or Minolta 400mm f/4.5). Of course you can arrange it in different ways and fit in other things. And the nice thing is that it is not a huge and heavy bag - all these big lenses can fit to this small bag. Very nice! They also claim that that the bag is strong and can keep your equipment clean under harsh conditions (rain, dust). I didn't try it yet, but it looks like it is true.	The BrandXYZ Shootout Sling bag is unique in its ability to be converted from a ?quick-draw? shooting bag to a long lens bag configuration, offering incredible versatility, especially to sports and wildlife/outdoor photographers. The Sling bag is carried on the back with a single, contoured and padded cross-chest strap rather than two shoulder straps. This design allows it to be instantly swung around in front of the photographer, providing immediate access to a primary camera with mounted lens,...
12281	Best Bag on the Market!	If you want the best bag on the market, look no further! This bag is very stylish and fuctional.	The BrandXYZ Shootout Sling bag is unique in its ability to be converted from a ?quick-draw? shooting bag to a long lens bag configuration, offering incredible versatility, especially to sports and wildlife/outdoor photographers. The Sling bag is carried on the back with a single, contoured and padded cross-chest strap rather than two shoulder straps. This design allows it to be instantly swung around in front of the photographer, providing immediate access to a primary camera with mounted lens,...
12277	My sling-bag of choice	[TENBA Shootout, medium size, black.] Let me first say that just like there is no perfect camera, there is also no perfect sling-bag (or any kind of a gear-bag for that matter). Everyting depends on your particular situation. Sling-bags are either too small, too big, too difficult to switch between carrying and shooting modes, or their shape may be too awkward to accomodate your stuff in a logical and convenient way. So, mine is just a personal opinion that may or may not apply to your particular needs. Also, nobody should compare the functionality, convenience and comfort of use of sling-bags in relation to photo-backpacks or shoulder bags. All three have different uses and are completely different from one another. Over the last seven years, I have bought and used 5 sling-bags from 3 different manufacturers (TAMRAC Velocity 6 and 7, LOWE PRO Slingshot 200AW and 300AW and TENBA Shootout Medium). Tenba has been the last one on my list of preferences - mainly because it looks quite awful in all product shots I have ever seen, both in print and online. But not long ago, I read a Shutterbug review and it made me think again about the Tenba sling-bag. What I found out as a result of comparing all three systems, was that for small compact or hybrid camera there is no bad choice. All three systems (in appropriate sizes) work similarly well. In case of a DSLR system, though, things do not look the same. The shape of Tamrac Velocity series does not allow to fully utilize the size of the bag for fitting an adeqate amount of gear. But it is certainly the best choice for street photography, when you don't need to carry a lot of gear with you. And it looks best of the 3 systems. Lowe Pro Slingshot is not bad, but the difference between consecutive sizes is too big and changing from carrying to shooting mode is quick enough only if you carry the bag all the time in a manner appropriate for shooting mode (low on the back). In the aesthetics department, Lowe Pro seems very conservative and plain. The all-weather cover is implemented in the best possible way. Tenba not only looks much better in real life than in product shots, but it also offers the most intelligent and pro-oriented design, with more useful features than the other two. Tenba represents to me the best combination of size-to-capacity ratio, ease of access to the equipment and ease of change between carrying and shooting modes, quality of materials/craftsmanship and aesthetics. It is the only one of the three systems that allows a configuration for carrying (and very easy access to) a body with a long lens attached to it, has a built-in facility for secure strapping of a small tripod and has a built-in 'bungee'-cord holder for a water bottle. The only negative I can find in its design is the fact that a rain/snow cover is stashed in such a way, that it takes up almost all the space in an outside pocket, preventing the use of that pocket for anything else. So, Tenba Shootout became my sling-bag of choice, especially for occasions when I shoot landscapes and outdoors portraits.	The BrandXYZ Shootout Sling bag is unique in its ability to be converted from a ?quick-draw? shooting bag to a long lens bag configuration, offering incredible versatility, especially to sports and wildlife/outdoor photographers. The Sling bag is carried on the back with a single, contoured and padded cross-chest strap rather than two shoulder straps. This design allows it to be instantly swung around in front of the photographer, providing immediate access to a primary camera with mounted lens,...
13083	A Great Tool At A Great Price	I have previously purchased two external hard drives and this one by far is the best. The physical size was one aspect for the purchase of drive and the storage (1TB) was the other. This unit can be programmed with great ease to back up information automatically. It's a very, very quiet unit and the indicator light on the unit can be turned off if you don't want to see if and when it is working. All in all I am more than impressed with this unit and I have no reservations with the recommendation to anyone that needs the convenience and security of possible lost information or simply in need of additional storage. I plan to purchase another unit to add to my security. The second unit will be stored out of the house in the event of an unfortunate incident in which everything could be lost due to flood or fire.	Computers come and go, but your content should always be nearby. With up to 1000 glorious gigabytes, the FreeAgent external hard drive is the best place to gather and access all of your important photos, movies, music, games and documents. Simply plug in the power and the USB cable and you?re ready to go
13100	Git's her done	It's a basic storage device, nothing exciting. It works for me and my Mac after reformatting it for OS.	Computers come and go, but your content should always be nearby. With up to 1000 glorious gigabytes, the FreeAgent external hard drive is the best place to gather and access all of your important photos, movies, music, games and documents. Simply plug in the power and the USB cable and you?re ready to go
13115	Great Power Supply!!	I got this Corsair PSU to replace the 250-watt Bestec one that came in my Compaq Presario SR5707-C. It powers my system (including the GeForce 9600 GSO I added) beautifully, runs cool and quiet, has a power switch, and has long cables and plenty of cable ties (plus a "Powered by Corsair" sticker to put on your computer!). I've had my system running almost nonstop for 2 weeks with this new PSU and I've had no problems. I highly recommend this PSU. Just be aware that the cables are long, so there'll be some crowding if you put it into a standard sized, pre-built computer along with a big video card.	The BrandXYZ Power 400 Watt Power Supply provides quality, compatibility and reliability at a competitive price. The BrandXYZ Power 400W is backed by a three year warranty and 24/7 on-demand customer service.
13116	Almost silent	I bought this to replace a cheaper unit that failed after a few months. After installation the computer worked fine, but I had to open the case again to check that the fans were actually working. It was so quiet that I thought that perhaps I'd connected something badly. But they were fine - just silent! (Or almost).	The BrandXYZ Power 400 Watt Power Supply provides quality, compatibility and reliability at a competitive price. The BrandXYZ Power 400W is backed by a three year warranty and 24/7 on-demand customer service.
12278	Really nice bag, but pretty large and *very* stiff	Recently I ordered first the Tenba Shootout (medium) and later the Kata 3in1-20 sling bags. A friend had recently picked up the LowePro AWS sling, which I also tried out; I liked the lowepro, but the top compartment was too small. First some thoughts - overall, both Tenba and Kata are really solid, well put-together bags. Some notes on each follow... TENBA Shootout - very solid, pretty stylish, but rather bulky - very stiff/rigid; for me, this was not a good thing as I wanted a less bulky bag - roomy top compartment - zippers were quite stiff; taking the camera out was slow, required both hands and quite a bit of force on the zippers - wide strap was very comfortable around the shoulders (though I didn't wear it for more than an hour on my short trek); secondary strap secured the bag against the body quite well - very easy to "swing about" to access the camera - interior access was fantastic, as the entire back unzips - interior dividers OK, but not as good as the KATA's - side strap for tripod and back bungee for misc stuff handy (though securing a tripod on the side strap seemed kinda iffy, as it would tend to slide down & out) KATA 3in1-20 - very stylish bag, not much smaller but much less "bulky" than the Tenba - roomy top compartment - one-handed "unclip & zip-back" to reveal the camera was fantastic, very easy to use! - interior access was just OK, as only half the bag unzips (not a huge issue, imo) - nice interior dividers, and the neon yellow makes it very hard to lose something! - the top side pockets were very useful; lacking on the Tenba - harder than the Tenba to "swing about" to access the camera - the main issue w/the Kata was the sling strap; it is much less wide then the Tenba, and so in sling mode wasn't nearly as comfortable; in fact, during a short trek and w/the bag only moderately loaded (D90, + three lenses), I found myself adjusting the bag quite often to relieve slight discomfort on my shoulder. (didn't use the bag in backpack mode, though presumably this would be more comfy) FWIW, the gear I stowed in the bags was a D90 with 18-200, 35-70/2.8 and 85/1.4 lenses, along with some camera miscellany (SD, batteries, cleaner, etc). The Tenba bag went back; the Kata 3in1 bag (as I've already taken it on one trip) I'm going to try to sell locally.	The BrandXYZ Shootout Sling bag is unique in its ability to be converted from a ?quick-draw? shooting bag to a long lens bag configuration, offering incredible versatility, especially to sports and wildlife/outdoor photographers. The Sling bag is carried on the back with a single, contoured and padded cross-chest strap rather than two shoulder straps. This design allows it to be instantly swung around in front of the photographer, providing immediate access to a primary camera with mounted lens,...
12279	Good sturdy camera pack w/lots of configuration options	This is a well made very sturdy camera pack. It is designed for carrying camera equipment and that's it. If your looking for a pack to haul camera gear plus other stuff this is not it.	The BrandXYZ Shootout Sling bag is unique in its ability to be converted from a ?quick-draw? shooting bag to a long lens bag configuration, offering incredible versatility, especially to sports and wildlife/outdoor photographers. The Sling bag is carried on the back with a single, contoured and padded cross-chest strap rather than two shoulder straps. This design allows it to be instantly swung around in front of the photographer, providing immediate access to a primary camera with mounted lens,...
13122	Useless unless you want to use internal memory ONLY	The frame played the slide show using internal memory well, but did not use the compact flash card to play the slide show. I called Viewsonic, took me nearly two hours with the customer service rep before he finally decided to repair it and then agreed to change it. Wait for three weeks after they get your back and then I got new piece. BAD NEWS, it still has the same problem. Otherwise picture quality is not bad. Poor customer service team (No knowledge of the product, read the manual to help me and then took me through the manual to see if I was operating it all right). BUY IT IF YOU JUST WANT 512 Mb CAPACITY. or if it is for 5-10 dollars.	The DPA709WD is the stylish choice that won't break your budget.Features a generous 512MB of internal memory for storing all your beloved digital photos. Transfer your digital photos on your digital camera?s memory card to this beautiful black wood frame. Use the remote control to activate the onscreen controls and create personalized photo slideshows. The elegant black wood frame complements any home or office d?cor. Makes a great corporate gift and an all-occasion personal gift for your loved ...
12282	Great design	This bag works great. It keeps the camera and other equipment well protected, but organized and easy to reach.	The BrandXYZ Shootout Sling bag is unique in its ability to be converted from a ?quick-draw? shooting bag to a long lens bag configuration, offering incredible versatility, especially to sports and wildlife/outdoor photographers. The Sling bag is carried on the back with a single, contoured and padded cross-chest strap rather than two shoulder straps. This design allows it to be instantly swung around in front of the photographer, providing immediate access to a primary camera with mounted lens,...
12334	An improvment on the aready great CX300	I've owned CX300 in ear monitors for a few years now and have been greatly impressed by their comfort and performance. While on a flight to Zurich I left them on the plane and was unable to retrieve them so on my layover I bought a pair of CX300II not realizing the difference. The obvious differences are the components of the II's are of much higher quality (litz wire, gold plated jack and case among other things). The sound is perceptibly better. I was obviously delighted by the find that my lost CX300's afforded me! I listen to a lot of music and couldn't imagine being more satisfied with the musical balance of these phones. I recommend them highly. p.s. for those of you who don't know, the asymmetrical length of the right and left cords is so the longer "right" cord goes behind the neck and the "main" cord comes down from the left side of your head.	Exclusive Amazon eco-packed ear canal headphones. Packaging made from 78% recycled paper, 100% recycable, no plastics, no glue. Power bass driven stereo sound. Perfect fit in the ear due to ear adaptors.
12336	An extremely comfortable and quality sounding pair of earphones	If you are looking for a simple pair of earphones that produce exciting sound from your iPod while on the go, then these are the ones for you! I have tried several pairs of earphones since looking to upgrade from the Sony Mdr-Ex55/Blk Ex Earbuds. I've tried the Ultimate Ears Metrofi 220 and even the Sennheiser CX 380II (the sportier version of the CX 300) but these earphones clearly stand out as a winner for several important reasons. First, the sound emitted from these tiny buds is simply outstanding and refreshing as it delivers clear highs, balanced mids, and crisp lows. I immediately noticed a steep improvement over my less superior Sony's through its voice clarity and a resounding oomph in the bass response. The bass is very important to me in headphones because in my very eclectic taste in music, I love listening to plenty of Rock, Techno, Rap, and even Classical/Orchestral music--all genres that I believe should be enriched with a quality bass response. The Sennheiser CX 300II met my expectations as the bass had a nice "thump" to it that wasn't overexaggerated. I thought my Sony's produced good bass, but Sennheiser has since set a new standard for me. The ergonomic and comfort aspect of this style earphones is also a true winner. I seem to be one of the few advocates of the asymmetrical design in cord length because it not only helps reduce wire clutter in front of your chest, but also reduces unwanted noise caused by rubbing against the wire because the cord is already laying on you. In contrast, Y-shaped cords have a tendency of bouncing against your chest as you walk and are always in the way of things like your zipper. I'm a daily train commuter who truly utilizes the advantage of the asymmetry of the CX-300II's design as I take my coat on or off or even while I read a book. The comfort doesn't end there because the simple earbud design provides a two-fold advantage for the listener on-the-go: 1) a great seal which is key for noise isolation which gives you the sound quality and especially bass recognition, and 2) a strong hold in your ear that doesn't even give way with slight tugs on the wire. This last characteristic might sound trivial at first, but let me tell you there's nothing more frustrating than having to fix your earbuds with every turn of the head like other earbuds have a tendency to do. (I returned the Sennheiser CX-380's for this reason since the design of those buds never wanted to stay in my ears). I easily wear these CX-300IIs for up to 5 hours a day with never any discomfort. This model has a total cord length of almost 4' and a gold-plated right angled plug which are two great aspects in its design to consider as well. I haven't found any noteworthy complaints about this product yet and with such a bargain price offered on Amazon here, I highly recommend this product. P.S. I listen to all of my music with the EQ off on my iPOD touch 3G which, by the way, has a stark improvement in sound reproduction by its amplifier over older iPOD models I have owned. Something to consider when you, the smart shopper, is reading this review and others like it because you should wonder if the reviewer is using the earphones on the same type of device you use and if your current device produces the highest quality sound.	Exclusive Amazon eco-packed ear canal headphones. Packaging made from 78% recycled paper, 100% recycable, no plastics, no glue. Power bass driven stereo sound. Perfect fit in the ear due to ear adaptors.
12338	I've Never Felt So Ripped Off...	WOW! This is the most poorly made piece of equipment I've ever owned. Blue screen of death straight out of the box. LOADED with bloated trial software, and slow as all get out. The battery doesn't hold a charge worth squat either. Where I bought it is out of business, so I wish I had known better. AVOID ALL VELOCITY MICRO PRODUCTS AT ALL COSTS!	The BrandXYZ NoteMagix M12 GT is an ultra portable laptop PC based on Intel Core 2 Duo processing technology ? 2 processing cores at 2.0GHz and complemented by 2GB of DDR2 RAM and a large 250GB hard drive. Tricked out with a 2.0 Mega Pixel webcam, a biometric fingerprint scanner, 4-in-1 media reader, a SuperMulti DVD burner and 3 USB 2.0 ports, the NoteMagix M12 GT is designed for road warriors who aren?t willing to sacrifice power for mobility. Weighing in at 3.9lbs, the M12 GT is ideal for use...
12335	From Ace Photo Digital these are NOT fake. Sound great and good value online.	I just received my order from Ace Photo Digital for both a Sennheiser CX300 and a CX300 II, both are high quality earbuds, especially for the price! Soon AFTER I ordered them I was concerned when I saw all the web sites describing "fakes" that are sold on eBay and even on Amazon.com. Well, after looking at about 10 websites with pictures comparing fake to real, I am convinced these are real. And email correspondence from APD was timely [custservice(at)[...]] and they told me "Not to worry, no fakes here. We buy directly from Sennheiser." I believe them. The shipping worried me but it turned out the Postal Service never scanned in at any location, so no tracking at all and I wasn't sure they were coming but they did. So all is well with this supplier and they are not fake (see my reasons below). The point is that when I ordered the 300 buds, Ace Photo Digital is NOT the first supplier that comes up on the list to order from, so by default they would have come from somewhere else. I can't speak for the quality from the "first" supplier but people are complaining their's are fake and I assume they are from the first supplier and not APD. No of course I don't work for APD and never heard of them before, but it is good information to find a supplier you can trust as not everything on Amazon is the same apparently, so I give credit where it is due and hope it helps you! Also I noticed that some other reviews are VERY old and I'm not so sure which item they are reviewing anymore - things change a lot since 2006, even what Sennheiser ships may have changed! On to the 2 Sennheiser earbuds features... I already knew I wanted earbuds and I picked these for 2 reasons: price/performance/value and physical size. In my local trusted [...] I asked what is the sweet spot for price/performance and then followed up online by reading reviews. The other reason is I want earbuds and I don't want them to stick out too far like the older high end Shure ones used to at least. The store said the SkullCandy ones are maybe tolerable for the price (maybe 10 dollars online), and the best higher priced ones were the Sennheiser (I forgot the model) and Dr. Dre and Sure, but the sweet spot were these Sennheiser's. I don't know about the other Senn models in comparison but I like the price of the 300's. Obviously anything sounds 10x better and is more comfortable than the junk that ships with most cheap MP3 players, that is a given. But these are as great as I would expect from Sennheiser, a great company. Both the 300 and 300 II sound great to me and I am comparing them to about 5 sets of good earbuds in the last 25 years. They have come a long ways, especially the noise isolation style nowadays... These Senn's are a type called "noise isolation" (blocks the noise by sealing in the ear canal very well, as opposed to actively changing the sound electronically like "noise cancelling" types). I like this style for airplane traveling on long overseas flights, and for wearing on a motorcycle. Sure the active noise cancellation style works better but the good ones are not earbuds and don't fit into your pants pocket when you get off the plane and travel in a taxi, car, bicycle, on foot, etc. The fact that they don't stick out away from the ear very far is great for: resting/sleeping with your ear on a pillow, fitting under a full motorcycle helmet (not legal in some states), or with no helmet on they minimize wind noise hitting them if you at least have a basic windshield on your bike. The other HiFi earbuds I use that are similar are from around 2004 and are Etymotic ER6 (now replaced by ER6i) but I paid over $120 for them. I haven't compared the sound yet but I think the Senn's are louder (more efficient) than the ER6 which is a problem on a motorcycle, the ER6 would not go loud enough as they are very inefficient. The ER6 also have very thin wire which is always getting tangled when I put them on. The ear canal silicone like part has 2 pieces and over time it itches my ear at the seam between the two. I haven't worn the 300's for long yet but they don't feel as tight and I think they will stay in but be more comfortable for long periods of time. Why I think these are not fake: Main things that convinced me were: the 300 had plastic packaging with a lot sticker inside it on the bottom, the shape of the black plastic and screen over the driver itself (remove the ear canal covers to see this), the position and shape of the aluminum colored housing, the plug (which is large and gold on the 300 II), the type of wire. Only the 300 II comes with a black carrying pouch, and one website showed it inside and out with fabric, stitching, size of Sennheiser lettering, all of which convinced me this one is real. A pouch is handy. Comparison between 300 and 300 II: I personally can't tell a difference in sound quality. I'm not saying they are the same but to me they are both great. You can bump up the bass of the source and it can really crank it out, and the highs are crisp, on both of them. Like I said the 300 II comes with a soft case but the 300 doesn't. You can always find something like a small ziplock baggie (go to Ace hardware in the loose nuts and bolts section and ask for small ones!). One thing I do not like about the 300 II is that it has an oversized L-shaped plug, which would be fine except it sticks out so far from my little tiny MP3 player that it is a bit cumbersome and I am a bit afraid it acts like a lever and if it got hit it could damage the jack on the player or at the very least crack it or make the connections intermittent. For that reason I like the 300 better than the 300 II overall. Also APD was currently shipping the 300 II in an "ECO" box which is a weird thick stocky cardboard container (like a old box of floppy disks but smaller) made up of like 10 slats of cardboard with all the pieces buried inside it. Weird but hey the contents are the same and it is green (if you recycle). Perhaps someone can comment whether this makes it even more proof that it is not fake, as I would guess this is some kind of brand new container that our pacific rim friends have not yet copied (perhaps?? dunno). One more thing, like another reviewer made me aware of, the cable is asymmetrical which at first I did not like but now I do: You are supposed to put your MP3 player on your left side to the left earbud, then the longer cable to the right earbud should go BEHIND your neck, not under your chin. In this way it does not dangle and pull down and is also out of the way. If you have long hair you can almost hide them completely! P.S. These were selling for 29 and 33 dollars for the 300 and 300 II, which is truly a bargain, less than half of that in my local [...].	Exclusive Amazon eco-packed ear canal headphones. Packaging made from 78% recycled paper, 100% recycable, no plastics, no glue. Power bass driven stereo sound. Perfect fit in the ear due to ear adaptors.
12339	good compliment for Gitzo tripod	I upgraded my tripod to a Gitzo series 2 carbon fiber tripod and wanted a reliable, lightweight, well-built ball head. I found it in this ballhead. I looked at the high end heads from Markins, Arca Swiss, RRS and although I was willing to spend more for them, I was not a fan of the Arca Swiss QR plate, which they all use--I was concerned that if not completely tight in the clamp, my expensive camera and lens could slide right out of the clamp. I wanted a secondary release for the QR plate and the way Gitzo has done this is very reassuring to me. The clamp loosens with a lever, then with a very quick press of a conveniently placed button the QR plate will slide out. Putting the plate in is very easy and secure. I was apprehensive about trying a newly designed product with very few reviews, but now that I have been able to use it, I am very happy with my decision. The head is very light, easy to operate, very secure when tightened, appears very well-made and durable. Best of all, it is a Gitzo--they are known for their top-notch equipment. It does look good on the Gitzo tripod and I did get it for about half what I would pay for the Arca Swiss (after rebate).	Designed for maximum locking torque this head eliminates micro movements and cuts vibration for sharper images. BrandXYZ has now developed a new exclusive technology that enables us to produce high quality, completely round hollow spheres, with a ultra thin wall, for an incredible weight reduction. Our magnesium center ball heads are renowned for their smooth and precise movements and high quality manufacturing. PTFE is applied to the ball and blocking pads to eliminate all traces of jarring and...
12343	Faulty firmware, slow write speed.	233x is the READ speed, as opposed to write speeds. I contacted the manufacturer and the WRITE speed is only 16MB/sec. 133X cards have 20MB/sec speed. As you can see, this Ridata card is performing below 133X speed as write speed is concerned. Also, you need to send this card to the manufacturer AT YOUR OWN shipping cost to get the firmware upgraded to get the problem fixed as stated at manufacturer's website, ww w. ritekusa . co m: "Consumer Notice: Ridata has recently released a firmware upgrade (H0722) for its Ridata 233X CF cards that appears to have resolved the issues with "continuous shot" mode in Digital SLR cameras (such as Nikon and Canon SLR DSCs, etc.)."	This 233X Series cards represent the best storage technology available today. An ideal combination of ultimate performance, cutting-edge technology and customer value for amateur to professional photographers. The non-volatile memory card features dual channels of data throughput to achieve the high-speed reading of 233X (approximately 35MB/per sec), and high-speed writing of 100X (about 15MB/per second). Read and write speeds will vary depending on the device used. The card also offers low powe...
12388	Getting Pretty Close 2 PERFECTION!!!!	Getting Pretty Close 2 PERFECTION!!!! I actually wanted to rate this thing 4.5 Stars. But that option was not allowed. I just picked this up at my local Target and i must say it's a great device. I had the 80GB Zune & traded it in for the 120. This is essentially the same device nothing major has been done to it. The exterior is a really minor face lift. Inside are some new quirky features that have been added in such as purchasing songs from the radio, buying songs when you are at a wi-fi hotspot in public (Starbucks or McDonalds etc), and now video games has been added in. You get 2 free games with the new Zune 3G software update. With the update also includes a clock added in on the main menu on the upper right hand corner. I do love the Zune interface its one of the best. I love the touch/scroll wheel as well. It has the best of both worlds type of feel to it. Also i reserved my right to give this device 5 stars because it still has the clunky software and if the software update over the weekend proves to be the finishing touch that will make this MP3 player awesome i will revise my review. I know some people hate iTunes & some people love it. I think iTunes is great and its very user friendly and customization is beyond simple. Other then that, the Zune software at this time is really bad. Ironically the V1 software was actually better and as many people know the shocking thing is that this MSFT product isn't even compatible with its own MSFT Windows Media Player (Ironic huh?). Also i do wish the battery life was the same as the iPod. I always carry my USB charger with me to avoid losing battery power when traveling around. But with the gorgeous huge screen that rivals the iPod Touch and extra memory this MP3 is pretty close to being almost flawless. Hopefully with the right word of mouth, a better software upgrade, and some advertising Zune will soon become a household name =) Pros: Great UI/Menu Slim & Sexy look Big screen 3.2 Inch screen 120GB memory upgrade from 80GB Wi-Fi Music buying features Wireless Music Sync Video Games FM Radio Sending music to other Zune devices via Wi-Fi $14.99 monthly fee gets you unlimited music downloads Cons: Battery Life Could use a bit of extra juice 3G Software still not that much different	Massive capacity in a deluxe device that delivers uncompromised audio and video quality, the BrandXYZ 120 GB can fit a huge collection and still have room for videos, podcasts, and more. This major player hooks up with innovative discovery features like Buy from FM and wireless sharing, so you never stop gobbling tunes. It holds up to 30,000 songs, 25,000 pictures, or 375 hours of video. Watch a demo on BrandXYZ. Every BrandXYZ device lets you listen to your favorite FM radio stations and tag so...
13123	Avoid Viewsonic Frame	I ordered the 7" ViewSonic Frame as a Father's Day Gift for a friend. The on/off switch quit working after two days. As soon as you release the switch the screen goes black again. I returned it for replacement. The replacement came with a switch that also did not function, and the top 1/3 of the screen did not display. I returned it immediately and instead ordered the Philips which works great.	The DPA709WD is the stylish choice that won't break your budget.Features a generous 512MB of internal memory for storing all your beloved digital photos. Transfer your digital photos on your digital camera?s memory card to this beautiful black wood frame. Use the remote control to activate the onscreen controls and create personalized photo slideshows. The elegant black wood frame complements any home or office d?cor. Makes a great corporate gift and an all-occasion personal gift for your loved ...
13124	Beware - resolution not as advertised	I purchased two of these, only to find out that they are not the 800X600 resolution, but the lower 480X234. I returned them immediately. It has been 3 weeks, and I still see they advertise this with the higher resolution. Nice frame and features, but I was specifically looking for a higher resolution for my photos.	The DPA709WD is the stylish choice that won't break your budget.Features a generous 512MB of internal memory for storing all your beloved digital photos. Transfer your digital photos on your digital camera?s memory card to this beautiful black wood frame. Use the remote control to activate the onscreen controls and create personalized photo slideshows. The elegant black wood frame complements any home or office d?cor. Makes a great corporate gift and an all-occasion personal gift for your loved ...
12390	Awesome lil machine	I may be jumping the gun, but I picked this up last night. I have been awaiting shipment of a 80 gig model when I ran across this 120 gig in a local store for $3 LESS than the 80 gig (which I'll return as soon as it arrives). To be up front, this is my 1st mp3 player, so I may be easily impressed, but I have done lots of research and asking around and the iPod brand just did not seem to match my needs. I have a 64 bit operating system on my new computer and Microsofts Zune seemed to be the only one that was clear on having software supporting 64bit sytems. Everything about this Zune has been very easy to use and get used to. The only thing I would have done differently for ergonomics is put a feeler in the middle of the touch pad so you know you are in the center by feel, A small indention, something. The unit feels very solid and of high quality, and what makes the 3rd gens different from the 2nd and 1st will really be found out Sept 16th when the 3.0 Software is made available ( adding a Clock and added radio features are a few known enhancements). I really do like the monchromatic look of the 3rd gen without the silver back and the lack of chrome around the touch pad...very attractive! The less bling the better is my motto. Oh, and the radio reception is fantastic! I dowloaded (or is it uploaded?) almost 2000 songs, my complete computer library in just a moments time...very impressed! The 120 gig works well with the existing home Dock (using the 80gig adapter plate) and the sound quality far exceedes my expectations. Image quality for the menus and album art to my 1080p 46" Plasma is a bit to be desired, but the video quality is pretty good. I did buy this mostly for music storage and playback, so I wont let that interfere with my overall 5-star score. I am very happy so far!!!	Massive capacity in a deluxe device that delivers uncompromised audio and video quality, the BrandXYZ 120 GB can fit a huge collection and still have room for videos, podcasts, and more. This major player hooks up with innovative discovery features like Buy from FM and wireless sharing, so you never stop gobbling tunes. It holds up to 30,000 songs, 25,000 pictures, or 375 hours of video. Watch a demo on BrandXYZ. Every BrandXYZ device lets you listen to your favorite FM radio stations and tag so...
12395	Excellent HDD based music player	Just got my 120 GB Zune from Amazon. Upgrading from a 5th gen 30gig iPod video. I loved my iPod and was going to upgrade to the new 120 gig iPod classic. However, I was disappointed but the lack of new features when compared to the Zune 120 w/ it's bigger screen & same price. And with the Zune's 3.0 firmware coming out, it will have even more features. I also like the fact this firmware upgrade works on their older models, unlike Apple which could'nt even give me Cover Flow on my iPod video & charges $$$ for iPod touch firmware updates. The only thing I'm concerned about is how well this Zune holds up to my abuse :)	Massive capacity in a deluxe device that delivers uncompromised audio and video quality, the BrandXYZ 120 GB can fit a huge collection and still have room for videos, podcasts, and more. This major player hooks up with innovative discovery features like Buy from FM and wireless sharing, so you never stop gobbling tunes. It holds up to 30,000 songs, 25,000 pictures, or 375 hours of video. Watch a demo on BrandXYZ. Every BrandXYZ device lets you listen to your favorite FM radio stations and tag so...
12405	Good job Microsoft	I got one at Frys Philadelphia today and it is amazing, I can not wait for the software upgrade next week, it is going to be awesome, having the opportunity to Buy from FM, to use Wi-Fi to sync and buy, and with the Zune pass my library is going to grow every day. For the iPod users do not complain or hate, competition is good and the one benefiting is you and I with better products and new and amazing technologies. I can not wait for tomorrow and see what Apple has in store for us.	Massive capacity in a deluxe device that delivers uncompromised audio and video quality, the BrandXYZ 120 GB can fit a huge collection and still have room for videos, podcasts, and more. This major player hooks up with innovative discovery features like Buy from FM and wireless sharing, so you never stop gobbling tunes. It holds up to 30,000 songs, 25,000 pictures, or 375 hours of video. Watch a demo on BrandXYZ. Every BrandXYZ device lets you listen to your favorite FM radio stations and tag so...
12557	PROMPT DELIVER, EXCELLENT PRODUCT	We received the product in a very timely manner and it was well packaged and an overall excellent product. Thanks	Massive capacity in a deluxe device that delivers uncompromised audio and video quality, the BrandXYZ 120 GB can fit a huge collection and still have room for videos, podcasts, and more. This major player hooks up with innovative discovery features like Buy from FM and wireless sharing, so you never stop gobbling tunes. It holds up to 30,000 songs, 25,000 pictures, or 375 hours of video. Watch a demo on BrandXYZ. Every BrandXYZ device lets you listen to your favorite FM radio stations and tag so...
13119	Nice features, good pictures	Considering that small point and shoots these days are 300-400, this camera is more than worth the $600 you may pay for it. It takes really beautiful photos, especially outdoors when the light is nice. I've had a lot of fun playing with it, the screen is nice and large, the menus are easy to use, and the settings are clear and self explanatory. The 40fps is a lot of fun to play with, and works well. You don't realize at all that you just took 40 pictures, but you did! Low light isn't great, but then most point and shoots aren't great with low light, much less low light with extremely fast shutter speed. So I think this camera does well for what it is. A lot of fun, nice pictures! Look up reviews on dpreview.com for more extensive specs.	Description: With the BrandXYZ EX-FH20 you can capture an amazing 40 high resolution, 7 megapixel images in one second providing more images to choose from than a DSLR. Get close to the action with the 20 time optical zoom starting at 26mm wide-angle. A push of a button enables you to shoot high definition 720p video and switch to high speed slow motion video. You can capture in 30-210fps, 420fps, and 1,000fps. At 1,000fps you can catch movement that you cannot see with the naked eye
12568	Music while you deer hunt	Jeez, times have changed! Years ago, I would hunt with a cassette player (later a CD player) and would have just a few songs to listen to. Now I carry 7900+ songs and a couple of hundred podcasts in a package that is smaller than either of those old clunky rigs. What I really like is the songlist feature. I can stack hours of music and have a great hunt. The battery lasts all day. The only thing I would like is a "podlist" function so I could stack them too.	Massive capacity in a deluxe device that delivers uncompromised audio and video quality, the BrandXYZ 120 GB can fit a huge collection and still have room for videos, podcasts, and more. This major player hooks up with innovative discovery features like Buy from FM and wireless sharing, so you never stop gobbling tunes. It holds up to 30,000 songs, 25,000 pictures, or 375 hours of video. Watch a demo on BrandXYZ. Every BrandXYZ device lets you listen to your favorite FM radio stations and tag so...
12602	convenience	I ripped most of my cd's and added so convenient for travel. Haven't used much lately but seems to work well. Tried my nephew's before purchasing my own. And tried ipod but opted for Zune.	Massive capacity in a deluxe device that delivers uncompromised audio and video quality, the BrandXYZ 120 GB can fit a huge collection and still have room for videos, podcasts, and more. This major player hooks up with innovative discovery features like Buy from FM and wireless sharing, so you never stop gobbling tunes. It holds up to 30,000 songs, 25,000 pictures, or 375 hours of video. Watch a demo on BrandXYZ. Every BrandXYZ device lets you listen to your favorite FM radio stations and tag so...
12873	Could not be easier	What can I say? I am very impressed. It took me more time to figure out what USB slot to plug the thing into than it did to set up the hard drive and start my first back up. The quick start up guide is the only paper documentation that is included in the box and that is more than what is necessary. All I had to do was plug in the power and then connect with the supplied USB cable and the control system self installed and directed me to set up using the drive for general storage as well as creating a custom back-up plan. If I had to be picky, I would say that the "feet" that they include (you can choose between a tower or desktop set up that requires that you attach a tower base or 4 plastic "feet") are pretty cheap. Besides that, this was a perfect experience right from opening the box to just now when it finished my first (20GB) back up. But simply put, using this device could not be any easier.	Computers come and go, but your content should always be nearby. With up to 1000 glorious gigabytes, the FreeAgent external hard drive is the best place to gather and access all of your important photos, movies, music, games and documents. Simply plug in the power and the USB cable and you?re ready to go
12741	Microsoft has gone insane!!!	The Zune is a well built piece of hardware. No complaints there. The software (mandatory) is an abomination. Intrusive, hard to use, unfriendly, lacking necessary features, and buggy. If Microsoft thinks they are doing right by their customers, then they are truly insane. I would return it if I could. Shame on you Microsoft!!! Johnny the Greek	Massive capacity in a deluxe device that delivers uncompromised audio and video quality, the BrandXYZ 120 GB can fit a huge collection and still have room for videos, podcasts, and more. This major player hooks up with innovative discovery features like Buy from FM and wireless sharing, so you never stop gobbling tunes. It holds up to 30,000 songs, 25,000 pictures, or 375 hours of video. Watch a demo on BrandXYZ. Every BrandXYZ device lets you listen to your favorite FM radio stations and tag so...
12880	Fancy, but simple	This Seagate 1Tb HD is replacing my 250gb WD HD that I bought a few years ago because it was getting full. I agree completely with the other reviewers in that this hard drive is extremely simple to operate. Plug in the power, plug in the USB and it goes by itself. I found that the automatic back-up is easy to use and is a very convenient feature that my old HD didn't have. This unit is also very nicely designed and looks great. It's quite unobtrusive and a lot quieter than my old HD. In fact, I haven't even noticed any noises coming from it, but I hear my old WD going on and off whenever it is in use. My only complaint is that it runs a little warmer than my old HD, but it's not incredibly hot...it's just a little warmer.	Computers come and go, but your content should always be nearby. With up to 1000 glorious gigabytes, the FreeAgent external hard drive is the best place to gather and access all of your important photos, movies, music, games and documents. Simply plug in the power and the USB cable and you?re ready to go
12765	The zune is a disaster	This is the most unintuitive device I have ever used. The software that you are forced to use on windows does not behave like a windows program and fights you at every turn. The adds are misleading but here is what you can and cant do. 1. Stream any kind of vidio or audio from your network or URL. 2. Gain folder access to the device. You must use the crazy Zune program. 3. Upload folders with audio books to your zune. I have several gigabights of books on tape in folders on my main PC there does not seem to be any way to access them. IF you use the crazy zune software it mixes and matches them in some sort of random order. About the only thing I could do with the wifi interface was sync up and down load some podcasts I downloaded with the zune software. But boy was it slow. If you want to always get your music from the zune market place and pay the montly subscription it will probably work for you. IF you want to use it for listening to your own audio book collections then forget it. This Zune is going back to the store.	Massive capacity in a deluxe device that delivers uncompromised audio and video quality, the BrandXYZ 120 GB can fit a huge collection and still have room for videos, podcasts, and more. This major player hooks up with innovative discovery features like Buy from FM and wireless sharing, so you never stop gobbling tunes. It holds up to 30,000 songs, 25,000 pictures, or 375 hours of video. Watch a demo on BrandXYZ. Every BrandXYZ device lets you listen to your favorite FM radio stations and tag so...
12784	why did they have to ruin a great design	I love the zune 80, it was well built and designed and the only reason i did not buy one is because i was waiting for the larger model with longer battery life. Now its here but they changed it to the awful glossy front, ugly and prone to fingerprints.	Massive capacity in a deluxe device that delivers uncompromised audio and video quality, the BrandXYZ 120 GB can fit a huge collection and still have room for videos, podcasts, and more. This major player hooks up with innovative discovery features like Buy from FM and wireless sharing, so you never stop gobbling tunes. It holds up to 30,000 songs, 25,000 pictures, or 375 hours of video. Watch a demo on BrandXYZ. Every BrandXYZ device lets you listen to your favorite FM radio stations and tag so...
12832	lives up to the hype!	I bought this on sale for the heck of it. I was really surprised when the claims turn out to have had basis in fact! I am getting over 4x the bare TCP throughput compared to my linksys WPC300n 802.11n pcmcia card. Using a trendnet tew-633gr located on the second floor, I got about 100 mbit throughput on the tew-645B! the only complaints are that it's kind of bulky and that it doesn't seat well in the USB extension cord/stand. At first the device didn't register with my computer at all; it worked after I pushed it a little harder into the holder. On the whole, definitely recommended if you care about the extra range/throughput. If all you're doing is web browsing, though, don't bother.	BrandXYZ TEW-645UB Wireless N USB Adapter provides over 2x the wireless coverage of standard wireless n and up to 8x the coverage of wireless g adapters. Connect your laptop or desktop computer to a high speed wireless n network and position the included 1.5 m (4.9 ft) USB base to capture the highest wireless signal strength. Connecting to a wireless network is a breeze with automated Wi-Fi Protected Setup. Advanced wireless encryption ensures the highest data security. Wireless Multi Media (WMM...
12833	Disappointment with Product	To Whom it Concerns: I recently bought this "Trendnet TEW-645UB Wireless N USB Adapter" and have been very disappointed with the product. I have a laptop with a standard internal wireless card and purchased this Treadnet product to improve my connection to my wirless internet connection. The product specification claims that it has "2x the range of standard wireless n and 8x the range of wireless g adapters." However, when I plug it into my laptop it has far less range then my internal card and can rarely even "see" let alone connect to my wireless connection. My lap top was cheap Gateway when I bought it and is a year and a half old and there should be no reason for it to have an internal wireless card that is far superior to this external wireless adapter. Even if you have a computer without a wireless card and just need any old wireless adapter to connect with your wireless internet, I still suggest you get a cheaper smaller wireless adapter. I emailed trendnet 2 different times regarding this and have not received any response.	BrandXYZ TEW-645UB Wireless N USB Adapter provides over 2x the wireless coverage of standard wireless n and up to 8x the coverage of wireless g adapters. Connect your laptop or desktop computer to a high speed wireless n network and position the included 1.5 m (4.9 ft) USB base to capture the highest wireless signal strength. Connecting to a wireless network is a breeze with automated Wi-Fi Protected Setup. Advanced wireless encryption ensures the highest data security. Wireless Multi Media (WMM...
12834	Network connection is breaking up once every hour,	In the beginning it did only once a day, but breaking up progressed over the course of the months. Presently I cannot use internet for longer than one hour without having to disconnect the device to restart it and make it work again. I am again on the market for a wireless device.	BrandXYZ TEW-645UB Wireless N USB Adapter provides over 2x the wireless coverage of standard wireless n and up to 8x the coverage of wireless g adapters. Connect your laptop or desktop computer to a high speed wireless n network and position the included 1.5 m (4.9 ft) USB base to capture the highest wireless signal strength. Connecting to a wireless network is a breeze with automated Wi-Fi Protected Setup. Advanced wireless encryption ensures the highest data security. Wireless Multi Media (WMM...
12835	it's work good but it's not a great product, i'll look for a better one	it's work good but it's not a great product, i'll look for a better one	BrandXYZ TEW-645UB Wireless N USB Adapter provides over 2x the wireless coverage of standard wireless n and up to 8x the coverage of wireless g adapters. Connect your laptop or desktop computer to a high speed wireless n network and position the included 1.5 m (4.9 ft) USB base to capture the highest wireless signal strength. Connecting to a wireless network is a breeze with automated Wi-Fi Protected Setup. Advanced wireless encryption ensures the highest data security. Wireless Multi Media (WMM...
12838	great buy!	at first i wasnt sure if i wanted it without the telephoto lens but when i got it i discovered that the 18-105 lens is plenty for a starter lens. so i was also unsure about an 8gb card. i wanted a 16 gb card but it cost more. if i could go back i would have gotten the larger card. also. the card reader that comes with the kit does not look like the one in the picture. but it still is a card reader. the bag is small but is enough for a camera, a lense, and filters or other accessories. i love this camera and i will do future transactions through cameta camera. thanks cameta camera for the great buy!	Kit Includes:. ? 1) BrandXYZ D90 Digital SLR Camera Body. ? 2) BrandXYZ 18-105mm AF-S DX f/3.5-5.6G ED VR Nikkor Lens [Outfit]. ? 3) Transcend 8GB HC SecureDigital Class 6 (SDHC) Card. ? 4) Precision Design USB 2.0 High Speed SecureDigital (SD/SDHC) Card Reader. ? 5) BrandXYZ EN-EL3e Li-Ion Battery Pack. ? 6) BrandXYZ SLR System Case. ? 7) Image Recall Digital Image Recovery Software. ? 8) Precision Design Memory Card Storage Wallet. ? 9) Precision Design Deluxe 6-Piece Lens & Digital SLR Camera...
13120	Casio Exilim EX-FH20 9.1MP and real failure	This may be one of the most disappointing products I have ever purchased. Yes it will take forty frames a second but the picture quality is very low, very grainy-- likewise, the video requires so much light that only daytime, outside or highly artificial lighting is workable. The ability to switch between 30fps and 210fps is a lot of fun and a very nice feature. However, alongside all the weaknesses of the camera I was very upset that I spent the money. Camera may be worth about $200 but certainly not a $500-$600 price point camera. PEACE Rev. Michael R. Bartley	Description: With the BrandXYZ EX-FH20 you can capture an amazing 40 high resolution, 7 megapixel images in one second providing more images to choose from than a DSLR. Get close to the action with the 20 time optical zoom starting at 26mm wide-angle. A push of a button enables you to shoot high definition 720p video and switch to high speed slow motion video. You can capture in 30-210fps, 420fps, and 1,000fps. At 1,000fps you can catch movement that you cannot see with the naked eye
13121	Better than MOST DSLR	I've tested SLRs, DSLRs, even point and shoot cameras, and nothing compares to speed and picture quality of Casio Exilim EX-FH20. It can shoot HD video as well. Excellent for fast photography. No need to wait seconds for the next shot. It's ready as soon as you click the shutter release.	Description: With the BrandXYZ EX-FH20 you can capture an amazing 40 high resolution, 7 megapixel images in one second providing more images to choose from than a DSLR. Get close to the action with the 20 time optical zoom starting at 26mm wide-angle. A push of a button enables you to shoot high definition 720p video and switch to high speed slow motion video. You can capture in 30-210fps, 420fps, and 1,000fps. At 1,000fps you can catch movement that you cannot see with the naked eye
12837	You can tell the D90 was designed by photographers and not just engineers! Wonderful user interface and image quality!	I am far from a professional photographer, but I take it as seriously as possible while still referring to it as a hobby. I take mostly pictures of people at events and many of my baby son without flash in low light situations. I had been using a Nikon D40x for 1 year and very early reached my limitation with that camera. The Nikon D40x has very nice image quality, but the camera's interface is not suited for a more serious shooter who wants quick single button or dial access to such shooting parameters such as white balance, shooting mode, metering mode, etc. I also felt very limited by the D40x not having an in-body focus motor that would allow me to use non AF-I/AF-S lenses (which are lenses without the focus motor built-in). The Nikon D40x limitations were severe enough that I was about to consider purchasing a Canon 40D until the Nikon D90 appeared just in time. PROS: 1. Fantastic set of separate buttons on the camera to control parameters like ISO, white balance, metering, autofocus, image quality, shooting mode, etc. 2. Two command dials 3. High resolution 920K pixel LCD screen (like the one on the Nikon D300) 4. 12.3 megapixel CMOS sensor 5. Low noise high ISO capability (for low light shooting) I can shoot ISO 1600 with good image quality with this camera, while on my D40x I could only shoot with ISO 400 and obtain acceptable IQ. I will even use ISO 3200 frequently with very usable results! 6. Separate top-viewing LCD screen in addition to the rear high res screen, to show shooting parameters constantly 7. In-body focus motor which allows the use of Nikon's non AF-I/S lenses, including wonderful and CHEAP prime lenses such as the Nikkor 50mm 1.8 (~$100 lens!) 8. Continuous shooting of 4.5 frames per second 9. Small size, although larger than the D40/D40x/D60, it is still substantially smaller in the hand than the D300/D3 10. 720p 24fps MPEG video shooting capability with incredible ability to use depth of field that I cannot achieve with my Sony High-Def camcorder. 11. Eleven auto-focus points (not as nice as the 51 points on the D300, but substantially better than my D40x with its 3 points) 12. GPS option 13. HDMI output 14. Enormous number of options to customize camera and shooting settings to fit your style of shooting 15. Fantastic image quality right out-of-box if you don't want to do any post processing 16. Terrific build quality 17. Top notch camera ergonomics (but this will be a very personal opinion that differs for each shooter) CONS: 1. "Rolling shutter" phenomenon while recording video: The D90 CMOS sensor has the same problem that other CMOS video recorders have when recording video. If you move the camera, especially horizontally, you get a "jelly" or "rubberbanding" effect where the image wobbles significantly. It is nice to have the video features, which looks very sharp at 720p, but it is NOT a substitute for a video camera. If you use a tripod, and do not do quick zooms/pans, the video quality is excellent. Without a tripod, however, you may get nauseas watching a wobbly video. The sound is also in monoaural. 2. 1/200 flash synch: Not a problem for me, but it might be for you. 3. No weather sealing: This is found on the Nikon D300/D3 and even on similarly priced models from other camera companies 4. The buffer will fill up after about 8 continuous RAW + JPG (FINE) shots. This number differs depending on the shooting parameters that you will choose. If you shoot primarily JPG, the buffer seems to allow a very large number of continuous shots, but I have not quantified this for JPG only. TIPS: 1. Get the FREE Nikon ViewNX software from Nikon's site as your 1st step in your workflow. This will let you examine your RAW images that you can process for either Nikon CaptureNX2 to do further RAW processing or just export to JPG for a JPG editor such as PhotoShop. 2. Recommend buying the Nikon CaptureNX2. It is a RAW converter (if you shoot in RAW) that will read the camera settings properly for export to JPG. Capture NX2, however, is not as slick as the Adobe products and Capture NX2 requires a fairly powerful computer, otherwise it can run pretty slowly on a PC > 3 years old. 3. If you use JPEGs out-of-camera, consider increasing the sharpness above the default 3 or 4. Nikon uses a very conservative sharpening default setting. Nikon has decided to change the default JPEG images to match the higher end D3/D700/D300 cameras which produce more neutral images. Consequently, the D90 images that are less punchy than the D40/D40x/D60/D80, so you may also want to turn up the in-camera saturation and contrast. The Nikon D90 has all of the interface features that serious and even professional photographers need with wonderful image quality.	Kit Includes:. ? 1) BrandXYZ D90 Digital SLR Camera Body. ? 2) BrandXYZ 18-105mm AF-S DX f/3.5-5.6G ED VR Nikkor Lens [Outfit]. ? 3) Transcend 8GB HC SecureDigital Class 6 (SDHC) Card. ? 4) Precision Design USB 2.0 High Speed SecureDigital (SD/SDHC) Card Reader. ? 5) BrandXYZ EN-EL3e Li-Ion Battery Pack. ? 6) BrandXYZ SLR System Case. ? 7) Image Recall Digital Image Recovery Software. ? 8) Precision Design Memory Card Storage Wallet. ? 9) Precision Design Deluxe 6-Piece Lens & Digital SLR Camera...
12839	D90 Camera	Great Product! Cameta is great to work with. I did not realize that I needed to have someone to sign for the package but their Customer Service was very willing to assist with what needed to be done so I could get my package. The camera is awesome. There are a lot of options that I will have to learn how to use.	Kit Includes:. ? 1) BrandXYZ D90 Digital SLR Camera Body. ? 2) BrandXYZ 18-105mm AF-S DX f/3.5-5.6G ED VR Nikkor Lens [Outfit]. ? 3) Transcend 8GB HC SecureDigital Class 6 (SDHC) Card. ? 4) Precision Design USB 2.0 High Speed SecureDigital (SD/SDHC) Card Reader. ? 5) BrandXYZ EN-EL3e Li-Ion Battery Pack. ? 6) BrandXYZ SLR System Case. ? 7) Image Recall Digital Image Recovery Software. ? 8) Precision Design Memory Card Storage Wallet. ? 9) Precision Design Deluxe 6-Piece Lens & Digital SLR Camera...
12840	One of the best	This is my second DSLR (after D80). This camera is simply amazing. This kit is perfect. It has all you need. HD video on DSLR is a poor idea. They could have added more features instead. Great amateur camera.	Kit Includes:. ? 1) BrandXYZ D90 Digital SLR Camera Body. ? 2) BrandXYZ 18-105mm AF-S DX f/3.5-5.6G ED VR Nikkor Lens [Outfit]. ? 3) Transcend 8GB HC SecureDigital Class 6 (SDHC) Card. ? 4) Precision Design USB 2.0 High Speed SecureDigital (SD/SDHC) Card Reader. ? 5) BrandXYZ EN-EL3e Li-Ion Battery Pack. ? 6) BrandXYZ SLR System Case. ? 7) Image Recall Digital Image Recovery Software. ? 8) Precision Design Memory Card Storage Wallet. ? 9) Precision Design Deluxe 6-Piece Lens & Digital SLR Camera...
12869	Failed Out of the Box - Common Failure	I do computer repairs. I normally don't like to see reviews that rate a product with only one star because they got an "out of box failure" but I will have to add myself to the category of people that will not give a product the benefit of a doubt. I already have a 500gb Maxtor that has worked perfectly. I back up a lot of customers machines in my line of work and like to keep their data for a few months in the event they have a failure, so that was the reason I needed even a larger external hard drive. Also I liked the fact this had an esata connection for my own personal computer. I plugged the power in and started hearing a double clicking sound. It didn't sound good from my experience with hard drives. I then connected the USB connector. Nothing happened. I waited a while longer and, pulled up the directory and the drive was there. Created a folder and ran across the instructions again. It should have installed the software when the USB was connected. So I shut it down (and powered down), rebooted my computer and went through the same process again. This time it worked as expected. No clicking sounds... just normal drive activity. It installed the software automatically. Good... I was happy... must have just been a fluke. A few seconds later I got an error, "delayed write failure" and an explanation the data was not written. I've never been too impressed with Seagate. I always liked Maxtor (before they were bought out) better with Western Digital in second place. I decided to give it another chance. I uninstalled the software, ran a scan on the registry and cleaned it up. Started all over again with a new USB port, just to be safe. Exact same thing as my first experience. Started the double clicking sound, pause, then double clicking sound. Once again, Seagate is not up to prime time. It will probably be a number of years before I try Seagate again. Too bad, because I like the company as I know some people that work there. I think the engineering is top of the line but production must really suffer. Amazon reviews are so valuable. A quick search found the delayed write failure a common problem when it dies. I took it back (BestBuy) and got a 1 tb Western Digital (My Book). It is very quite... a little larger than the Seagate (about the size of my Maxtor), and much quieter (almost no sound) operation than my Maxtor and Seagate (when it wasn't clicking, but simply accessing data). I've only had the WD for a couple of hours so I can't attest to the software or how it will perform in the future, but I can say that I have been very pleased with the Maxtor. I've had the Maxtor for about a year. Just looking at the reviews here and my own experience, I would say avoid this product... especially this model.	Computers come and go, but your content should always be nearby. With up to 1000 glorious gigabytes, the FreeAgent external hard drive is the best place to gather and access all of your important photos, movies, music, games and documents. Simply plug in the power and the USB cable and you?re ready to go
12882	Excellent start...	I bought this disk recently and I use it connected to different computers at different times. It is not as mobile as the Freeagent-Go series, but it is faster and more versatile than Freeagent-Go. My usage of this disk is probably not the most typical, but I emphasize that I stressed it far more than the average user might. To start with, I did not install the auto-backup software that comes with it. I don't intend to use this disk for back-ups. Despite that, I had no problems using it with the Windows-XP Service Pack-2. It was immediately recognized and mounted by the OS. Then I partitioned it into four, using Partition-Magic 8.0. Out of one single 500GB NTFS partition, I created a smaller NTFS partition, two VFAT partitions, and one Linux Ext3 partition. Again, moving and resizing and partitioning went on as smoothly as it would for an internal hard disk. Upon the completion of partitioning, the OS recognized the new partitions and immediately mounted them (except the Linux partition, but that's a deficiency with the Windows-XP, not with the disk.) Moving, and copying directories afterwards was very smooth and fast. Then came the Linux test. I connected the disk to one of my Linux machines. Again it was immediately recognized and mounted (through the USB port) by the RedHat OS. This time the roles were reversed. RedHat mounted three partitions automatically except the NTFS partition, again an issue not related to the disk. I checked (using fdisk) that the computer also sees the NTFS partition, but the OS will not mount it, even after I put it in the fstab file manually. I guess every OS maker has to snub somebody to feel good about themselves. So far, I am extremely pleased with my new disk. There is only one question remains: will it last and serve me well for years? Obviously I don't know that yet, but I don't want to wait three years to write a review.	Computers come and go, but your content should always be nearby. With up to 1000 glorious gigabytes, the FreeAgent external hard drive is the best place to gather and access all of your important photos, movies, music, games and documents. Simply plug in the power and the USB cable and you?re ready to go
12897	Best value and reliability on market, owned 3 for 5 years with daily use	I've owned three Seagate Free Agent drives over 5 years and used them daily without failure. Two of them ran as private server storage so they were constantly accessed at peak times. Never had a single failure or issue. The form factor is great and compact, and it runs quiet which is a big plus for me. 24 hour use and it remains just warm to the touch. By the way, I've also owned about a dozen other hard drives of many other brands (Maxtor, Hitatchi, etc..) and also never had a single failure on them either. 90% of hard drive failures are the user's fault, but they'll swear up and down it's the hard drive. That's why all popular hard drives get 1 star reviews - only the people who break their hard drive bother to review them. Although I'd say Seagate is one of the top makers, you really can't go wrong with any mainstream brand. Just consider the specs for rpm (higher is faster but hotter and noisier and shakier) and capacity per dollar. Also consider the size of the form factor, which Free Agent excels at. For cost per storage and reliability, in my experience and engineers I've worked with Seagate is high up there. Depending on the year, Maxtor is good as well. In fact, the market has pretty effectively weeded out the losers over the many years. Hard drives go downhill from Seagate, so if someone wants to review Seagate at 1 star because they broke their own hard drive I encourage them to buy another brand. Sheer probability will give them a better experience. The key point to hard drive maintenance is not to allow anything to impact your hard drive while it's being written. If the force exceeds enough G's it'll break the calibration and you'll start hearing clicks. This is universal among all hard drives, though some are easier to break than others. I live in an earthquake zone and never had an issue - it's only a hard impact that will break a drive. It helps not to have children, pets, get drunk, or have a wife that vacuums near your computer. About transfer speeds, sadly that's an OS limitation. These days hard drives are literally too fast for Windows OS to handle, but not Macintosh or Linux. This is why you can attach a hard drive to a computer with all three OS installed, and it will transfer lightning fast for Mac and Linux (approaching USB 2.0 limits for an external), but be crawling slow (about 1/2 best case, 1/8 worst) on Windows. Has nothing to do with the hard drive you pick or USB. In fact, day one patch for Vista was to fix a moronic implementation that cut file transfers in 1/2 (making them 1/4 as fast as Linux or Mac). How in the world Microsoft could ship crap like that amazes me. I own 3 PCs and 1 mac, and I work in software. If you attach this drive to a mac, you'll either need special third party software to access NTFS (patented by Microsoft) or to format it for Mac.	Computers come and go, but your content should always be nearby. With up to 1000 glorious gigabytes, the FreeAgent external hard drive is the best place to gather and access all of your important photos, movies, music, games and documents. Simply plug in the power and the USB cable and you?re ready to go
12905	Great ext drive!	Like the other reviewers, I've been looking to replace my dwindling WD 500gb Ext HD with a larger one. This one was a cinch to setup - plug and play. I installed the applications in case I ever want to do auto back-up on my files, but the really nice feature was being able to turn on/off the light on the drive through the software. Aside from that, it's super quiet and idles on/off with your computer. The package comes with hardware to either position the drive upright or four little rubber feet to position it flat and prevent it from sliding around. My biggest gripe is the monstrous plug...couldn't they have a the big boxy thing along the cord instead of on the plug? That would definitely make it easier when plugging it into a strip.	Computers come and go, but your content should always be nearby. With up to 1000 glorious gigabytes, the FreeAgent external hard drive is the best place to gather and access all of your important photos, movies, music, games and documents. Simply plug in the power and the USB cable and you?re ready to go
13055	So Far So Good	This product was a great value at the price. Setup is a snap and automatic backups are seamless. The attractive look of it is a plus too! I recommend!	Computers come and go, but your content should always be nearby. With up to 1000 glorious gigabytes, the FreeAgent external hard drive is the best place to gather and access all of your important photos, movies, music, games and documents. Simply plug in the power and the USB cable and you?re ready to go
13068	Great drive	This is my first external hard drive and so far everything has been great. Right from opening the box, I was able to clear take out the unit, then the wiring/cables, then the plastic stand (if you want your drive to be upright.) Plugged in the cables, plugged it into my computer, and powered it on. That was the hardest part. Even Frank Stallone could rock this set up. Nice big drive with great transfer rates. I will be using this external drive for a very long time.	Computers come and go, but your content should always be nearby. With up to 1000 glorious gigabytes, the FreeAgent external hard drive is the best place to gather and access all of your important photos, movies, music, games and documents. Simply plug in the power and the USB cable and you?re ready to go
13125	Not as Advertised!	Amazon lists the screen resolution as 800x600. However, when I received the product, the stated resolution on the packaging and owner's manual is only 480x234. After loading some photos on the frame, it was quite obvious the resolution wasn't up to par with other frames I've seen. If you desire a high resolution digital frame, I would definitely not choose this product!	The DPA709WD is the stylish choice that won't break your budget.Features a generous 512MB of internal memory for storing all your beloved digital photos. Transfer your digital photos on your digital camera?s memory card to this beautiful black wood frame. Use the remote control to activate the onscreen controls and create personalized photo slideshows. The elegant black wood frame complements any home or office d?cor. Makes a great corporate gift and an all-occasion personal gift for your loved ...
13131	Great Filter	The Hoya HD Polarizer is excellent, I have tried other Polarizer's, but this one is top of the heap. Unfortunately if you do not live in the USA, it is pointless buying this from Amazon, because of the shipping charges! I was quoted $145.00USD Postage at the checkout (YES, $145.00USD Postage) to Australia?? The staff at Amazon are aware of this, but did not want to do much about it! Considering the filter and box weigh as much as a compact disk, I don't really understand the outrageous shipping charges. I ended up buying the filter elsewhere online, much cheaper and Free Postage!! :)	The BrandXYZ Circular Polarizing HD (High Definition) Digital Glass Filter represents the next generation of dynamic BrandXYZ filters. This filter, with its hardened glass, has 4x the tensile strength of traditional filters of similar fabrication. This filter is also of great use in today's digital market where sensors are more sensitive to reflected light. BrandXYZ incorporates special coatings that reduce these internal reflections and, thereby, promote a clearer, brighter and sharper image. L...
13132	Only the Best	After debating between Hoya & B+W, I ended up w/ the Hoya HD CP; and I am very glad that I did. The B+W Slims have no front threads, so it difficult to keep the front lid on. As some testing reviews mention, the new HD CP are very thin, durable and let more light in than any other CP I have seen. Now I can keep my filter on, even when shooting indoors w/ no problem. I am quite impressed. Very expensive, but I found them online for half the price, from a reputable dealer. Maxsaver.	The BrandXYZ Circular Polarizing HD (High Definition) Digital Glass Filter represents the next generation of dynamic BrandXYZ filters. This filter, with its hardened glass, has 4x the tensile strength of traditional filters of similar fabrication. This filter is also of great use in today's digital market where sensors are more sensitive to reflected light. BrandXYZ incorporates special coatings that reduce these internal reflections and, thereby, promote a clearer, brighter and sharper image. L...
13133	Hoya HD CP Filters Get You More Light!!	The Hoya HD Circular Polarizer (CP) is the best there is--PERIOD. They transmit 50% more light than any other CP filter--A HUGE advantage when your struggling to get Depth Of Field with small apertures. They turn smoothly with a finger's touch, and their anti-reflective coatings are the best.	The BrandXYZ Circular Polarizing HD (High Definition) Digital Glass Filter represents the next generation of dynamic BrandXYZ filters. This filter, with its hardened glass, has 4x the tensile strength of traditional filters of similar fabrication. This filter is also of great use in today's digital market where sensors are more sensitive to reflected light. BrandXYZ incorporates special coatings that reduce these internal reflections and, thereby, promote a clearer, brighter and sharper image. L...
13134	works for me...	Whether or not you need a UV/Protecting filter on your expensive glass is a topic that is debated endlessly on photographic forums. There are those who think that it is silly to put a cheap piece of glass in front expensive glass (it can only reduce the contrast/quality of the picture right?). And there are others who think that it is a lot better to scratch/get dirty/lick(?) a cheap piece of glass than a $2000 lens. Either way, as far as filters go, the Hoya HD filters are really nice. They are multi-coated and easy to clean. Unlike the cheap filters out there, they are made of real glass. And if you are somewhat brave, they can be had for somewhat decent prices from sellers in HK. Definitely worth getting. I have several of them (including 2 at the 77mm filter size)	The BrandXYZ 55mm Ultraviolet UV(0) Haze HD (High Definition Glass Filter is a wise initial investment. It helps protect your valuable investment from dust, moisture and scratches, which can lead to costly repairs. This filter, with its hardened glass, has 4x the tensile strength of traditional filters of similar fabrication. This filter is also of great use in today's digital market where sensors are more sensitive to reflected light. BrandXYZ incorporates special coatings that reduce these int...
13135	Excellent lens filter.	I use this baby on my 17-55mm f/2.8g and on my 70-200 f/2.8 also and it is a wonderful filter. It does a nice job preventing glare in your photos. It also serves as a protector for your lens and cleans so easily. I never take mine off, unless I am shooting at night. Hoya's HD (Hardened Glass) filters are really the cream of the crop. Doesn't get any better than this.	The BrandXYZ 55mm Ultraviolet UV(0) Haze HD (High Definition Glass Filter is a wise initial investment. It helps protect your valuable investment from dust, moisture and scratches, which can lead to costly repairs. This filter, with its hardened glass, has 4x the tensile strength of traditional filters of similar fabrication. This filter is also of great use in today's digital market where sensors are more sensitive to reflected light. BrandXYZ incorporates special coatings that reduce these int...
13136	Maybe expensive, but worth it	I know this is a pricy filter, however, the first filter I got with my 24-105mm f/4L canon lens had a noticeable negative impact on the quality of my pictures. The first filter was free with the purchase of the lens. I guess you get what you pay for! I have not noticed and significant impact to the pictures with this filter, well worth the extra money to protect your lens.	The BrandXYZ 55mm Ultraviolet UV(0) Haze HD (High Definition Glass Filter is a wise initial investment. It helps protect your valuable investment from dust, moisture and scratches, which can lead to costly repairs. This filter, with its hardened glass, has 4x the tensile strength of traditional filters of similar fabrication. This filter is also of great use in today's digital market where sensors are more sensitive to reflected light. BrandXYZ incorporates special coatings that reduce these int...
13137	Product as advertised, great bargain	The product delivered was as advertised; brand new HP toner cartridges without the box. Works the same as the other brand new HP toner cartridges I have ordered from other sources in the past. The only difference (besides the lack of the individual shipping boxes) was the price. I got these at a fraction of the price I have paid in the past for the same product.	NEW , OEM
13175	Nicely done	Nice job of matching the aesthetic and size of the MacBook Air. It's not quite up to the fit and finish of an apple product, but functionally, it's perfect. A great solution for extending the storage capacity of the Air. Jack	Elevate your digital style with the lightweight, ultra-thin BrandXYZ eGo Helium Hard Drive! The BrandXYZ eGo Helium Hard Drive USB 2.0 is a perfect match for the new MacBook Air notebook (HFS+ format). The compact silver designslips easily into a purse or briefcase and has the BrandXYZ DropGuardTM feature which protects from drops up to 51" (40% above the industry average!) so your BrandXYZ eGo Helium can withstand the toughest of travel environments. Available in 320GB capacity,holds up to 1,28...
13176	Says 320GB but that's not actually what you get... more like 296GB	I don't know if this is how all back up drives are, but wanted to share this because I was not expecting it. Product says 320GB, but when it is plugged in on desk top the capacity is 298.09 GB with 295.98 available! I think it this device should be advertised not as 320GB of storage but as 296 GB, and priced accordingly. The Iomega website was not very helpful for information, and complicated to navigate through for answers. My Iomega Helium was purchased from the APPLE store...	Elevate your digital style with the lightweight, ultra-thin BrandXYZ eGo Helium Hard Drive! The BrandXYZ eGo Helium Hard Drive USB 2.0 is a perfect match for the new MacBook Air notebook (HFS+ format). The compact silver designslips easily into a purse or briefcase and has the BrandXYZ DropGuardTM feature which protects from drops up to 51" (40% above the industry average!) so your BrandXYZ eGo Helium can withstand the toughest of travel environments. Available in 320GB capacity,holds up to 1,28...
13177	The Back-up Drive for Those Who Care About Aesthetics	Goes beautifully with MacAir because it was designed to do so and because it is beautiful. Works perfectly as back-up drive, which is small enough and thin enough to travel easily. It is the back-up drive for those who care about aesthetics--will go well with almost any good-looking computer, especially a laptop.	Elevate your digital style with the lightweight, ultra-thin BrandXYZ eGo Helium Hard Drive! The BrandXYZ eGo Helium Hard Drive USB 2.0 is a perfect match for the new MacBook Air notebook (HFS+ format). The compact silver designslips easily into a purse or briefcase and has the BrandXYZ DropGuardTM feature which protects from drops up to 51" (40% above the industry average!) so your BrandXYZ eGo Helium can withstand the toughest of travel environments. Available in 320GB capacity,holds up to 1,28...
13179	High Quality	This is a very high quality, well made product. It works like it should. Profoto has nothing less than excellent customer service too.	BrandXYZs Speed Ring is for all BrandXYZ softboxes.
13217	Better than an iPod	I first got a Zune 2 years ago for xmas. My hubby and I loved it so much we'd fight over which one of us got to use it. This year, I bought the special edition Gears of War edition for my hubby since he loves that game. The best part of Zune is the firmware updates. His zune came with the latest updates that included games. When I plugged mine "old" zune in, I got the update and recieved the games also. So no matter what, your zune can only get better! I have friends that have iPods and they always drool over my Zune. The songs are cheaper also overall. And since it's Micrsoft, if you have any Microsoft, Xbox, or Zune points, they all work the same so you can use them to buy songs if you want. All it takes is a Windows Live ID. WE LOVE OUR ZUNES!	The best-selling Xbox franchises of all time, Xbox and Epic Games Inc. have collaborated with BrandXYZ to create this unique portable media player. The BrandXYZ "Gears of War 2" special edition is based on the new BrandXYZ 120GB device and features a laser-etched Crimson Omen on the new glossy black enclosure, collectible "Gears of War" packaging, and 244 pieces of "Gears of War" media including the original game soundtrack, behind-the-scenes videos, game trailers and concept art galleries.has a...
13196	Most excellent picture, sound, remote, setup & interface...	This is an excellent product in every way !!! Including a guarantee of "No Defective Bright Pixels" !!! -- The picture is outstanding from ANY angle ,,, truly no fade-out at the sides !!! I'm impressed. The Wizard setup is a piece-of-cake ,,, Just click OK. The Menus are navigable and comprehensible i.e. If confused choose "standard". The high quality REMOTE, which is stable when standing upright, feels comfortable in my hand, has a nice weight, a soft felt back and easy to reach and comprehend buttons. Remote response time is immediate [after initial channel download]. The angle of Remote Control to TV reception is near 90 degrees; if you can see the screen ,,, so can the remote :-) The SOUND quality is MOST excellent. Not tinny or muffled !!! I have it set at 30, out of 100, and I can easily hear and understand as I walk throughout my home. A marked difference from other TV's I've owned where the audio becomes garbled, muffled and I can't understand at any volume. The CONNECTORS are of ALL TYPES and are mounted on both the back and the side. They are clearly labeled for their function ,,, and correspond to the Remote Control buttons. I just took delivery of my Vizio today. Before purchase I read criticisms on another website ,,, those criticisms ARE BOGUS in my view. This product is MOST EXCELLENT !!! In every way !!! Maybe all of the criticisms have been addressed by VISIO ??? This Model has been out since at least 2006, sale price at that time $1,000.00. The setup took me 5 minutes out-of-the-box !!! -- Oh yeah ,,, there's another nice feature, a built-in remote mounted on the side for those who can't keep track of that "mobile" remote control :-)	BrandXYZ VOJ320F was designed to buck the trend of traditional black accents most commonly portrayed in consumer electronics today. The BrandXYZ "Java" colorization blends a more modern hue that is suitable for any decor. While impressing with overall design characteristics, BrandXYZ packs the VOJ320F with technology including full high definition 1080p processing power, 3x HDMI inputs and over 16 million colors to impress.
13198	Excellent Buy	I bought mine at Walmart for $447 because of a price mixup, its usuaully $497 there. I am more then impressed with the TV, i love the bottom gold stripe on the bezel and the vizio logo on the bottom front glows a very faint amber when the TV is off and a very faint white when on, just enough to look nice without being annoyingly bright. The picture is amazing. I use mine mainly for gaming in my bedroom. I am positioned only about 3-4' away from the TV so the 1080p really looks sharp. If you have to sit farther away then 4-5 feet you might want to go with the bigger model, as its hard to see the 1080p picture enhancement farther away then that on a 32". I would recommend this TV to anyone, if you can find it! 3 HDMI's, + VGA is nice too.	BrandXYZ VOJ320F was designed to buck the trend of traditional black accents most commonly portrayed in consumer electronics today. The BrandXYZ "Java" colorization blends a more modern hue that is suitable for any decor. While impressing with overall design characteristics, BrandXYZ packs the VOJ320F with technology including full high definition 1080p processing power, 3x HDMI inputs and over 16 million colors to impress.
13203	An Excellent Value with True 1080p Resolution	Purchased this flat screen this week. Pricing is very good & competitive all over. Especially Target & Sears. I purchased mine at a standard sale before Christmas at Sears for $399.00, which is an excellent value. This model's screen measures 31.5", and with proper HDMI connections, is a TRUE 1080p set. The vast majority of sets at this price display at 720p or lower, and the ONLY way they can advertise they display true HD is with a pure HD signal coming in. Those sets still only display NEAR 1080p, with a direct signal of such. This is basically impossible with cable & satellite. A good Blue Ray DVD player can achieve this. This set is a cinch to setup, the TV does it on it's own. Picture quality with cable is okay, but not outstanding. Connecting with HDMI cables improves the signal a great deal. This Vizio set does not have enough choices during setup to adjust the picture to my personal liking. There is no choice for "Sharpness" or Contour Shaping and the like. If you're getting a poor cable signal, you're pretty much stuck with a fuzzy picture. The sound has several different genre's (Rock, Jazz, Classical, etc) to choose to hear through the front firing speakers, but these selections don't make a major difference regardless of what you choose. There are no choices to adjust Bass & Treble. Sound is bright, clear & capable of being set loud, but a bit brash & sharp sounding with minimal bass. All considered, a good choice for a bedroom set.	BrandXYZ VOJ320F was designed to buck the trend of traditional black accents most commonly portrayed in consumer electronics today. The BrandXYZ "Java" colorization blends a more modern hue that is suitable for any decor. While impressing with overall design characteristics, BrandXYZ packs the VOJ320F with technology including full high definition 1080p processing power, 3x HDMI inputs and over 16 million colors to impress.
13204	GREAT viewing, but device/channel changing problems	I love everything about this model, except for device control. I've connected it to my cable and Blue-Ray player with HDMI cables. When I watch them I must switch to HDMI1 and HDMI2 respectively. Often, very often, after I turn the TV on I have to switch off HDMI1 and back 2+ times before I can view the TV. This doesn't happen with the Blue-Ray... When I can't view the TV I get the message, "Unrecognized format." Frequently I loose the "connection" between the TV and cable box when changing channels. In those cases I need to switch away from HDMI1 and back 1+ times. The cause of this may be something that I am or am not doing, but haven't figured it out. Great viewing--great sound--great looks... Sorry to say that I may return it because of the channel hassles.	BrandXYZ VOJ320F was designed to buck the trend of traditional black accents most commonly portrayed in consumer electronics today. The BrandXYZ "Java" colorization blends a more modern hue that is suitable for any decor. While impressing with overall design characteristics, BrandXYZ packs the VOJ320F with technology including full high definition 1080p processing power, 3x HDMI inputs and over 16 million colors to impress.
13199	Excellent HDTV at a price that's easy on the budget	Vizio has advertised for a while now (ESPN Radio and other places) that they make top quality HDTV equipment at affordable prices and they are not kidding or just boasting in making those claims. When I originally jumped into the HDTV world I did so on a budget. Having committed a considerable portion of my entertainment budget to get an Xbox 360 back when those boxes were being introduced to the market, I didn't have a lot of money to spend buying a large HDTV to play my games on. Given the budget constraints and also some space constraints, I settled on a 26" CRT, yes, that's right, I said CRT, widescreen HDTV that I got from a big box store that some folks would say fairly well resembles the Buy More stores shown on the excellent TV series Chuck each week ;-) I knew it wasn't the best TV and knew that I'd want to replace it later, but it was HD, it was widescreen, and it easily blew away the picture quality of the old 27" 4:3 standard TV that it replaced. A couple of years and tax refunds later it was time to revisit the HDTV I played my games on, and I started shopping around to see what I might be able to attain at the price that I wanted to aim for. I found a couple of Vizio models in my price range, including a few that might, just might, be in stock at one of the big retail stores in my area. Unfortunately there was no guarantee that the models that I saw online were going to be in stock in the brick and mortar stores, so I continued researching things on the web until I found the Vizio VO32LF HDTV at Amazon partner TigerDirect.com. Yes, I know that's not exactly the same model as the one listed where I'm entering this review (the VOJ320F1A), but it is, for all intents and purposes, the same model TV with a different colored bezel (face) around the front of the TV's screen. As it turns out Vizio has a couple of 32" models and a couple of 37" model TVs that are basically the same TV but each with a slightly different model number that denotes a different bezel or other relatively cosmetic difference between them. The VO32LF TV that I purchased was one that TigerDirect offered as a refurbished unit. The price was outstanding, though the refurbished label did raise my concern a little. Why exactly was the unit refurbished and/or recertified? There could be several reasons, and a buyer is never going to know for certain what the real story is. What the buyer does know is that the manufacturer has made the unit available via a retailer with the refurbished/recertified notation and the manufacturer is still guaranteeing the unit for a reasonable period of time upon purchase. Given the price and feature set, I thought over the potential purchase, researched other comparable models only to find that there were few, if any, that even came close to being as fully featured in the same price ranges, and decided that one of these TVs was going to be mine. Order placed, and sure enough, approx. 5 days later the TV was in my hands. Knowing the unit that I got was a refurbished/recertified unit, I was somewhat eager to open the box and see if I could determine why the unit might have been sold that way. Quite honestly, unless the problem was a very minor scuff like mark on the bezel that may very well just be a shadow/reflection from the lamp light in my 'den' area, I couldn't tell you what the issue was. The only thing I did find out of the ordinary was that the unit didn't come with a power cord. It was supposed to have, but I didn't find one in the box. No problem though as the TV uses a standard computer or computer monitor power cord and I tend to have spares of those on hand. Once set up, I was and remain quite pleased with my purchase. The picture quality is excellent and the sound (volume range) is quite sufficient for my video gaming, movie and TV watching needs. Having 3 HDMI ports available means not having to juggle connections or settle for a component connection when I'd rather use HDMI. There's also the full 1080p resolution, which even on the 32" screen size (which is not really supposed to be noticable at that size) offers the best resolution possible for video gaming or Blu-ray disc play back. Having bought one of these great TVs, I look forward to buying at least one more in a much larger size in the future. Eventually my living room will sport something in the 42"+ size, and I expect Vizio's offerings will be highly considered.	BrandXYZ VOJ320F was designed to buck the trend of traditional black accents most commonly portrayed in consumer electronics today. The BrandXYZ "Java" colorization blends a more modern hue that is suitable for any decor. While impressing with overall design characteristics, BrandXYZ packs the VOJ320F with technology including full high definition 1080p processing power, 3x HDMI inputs and over 16 million colors to impress.
13201	I Luv, Luv, Luv This Television	This TV is amazing, and I'm not even watching it at its full capabilities. To start with, I'm hooked up to TiVo, so there's a certain amount of picture degradation that occurs, and you can't get HiDef unless you spend big bucks for a HiDef TiVo. But, given all that, the picture quality is far superior to all the other televisions in this house. It's sharp, clear, and steady as a rock. Want to know what I like best about it? It's a 32" TV and it ONLY WEIGHS 35 LBS. I almost got a double hernia moving the old 27" TV out of the way, but I one-handed this baby right onto the stand. Hook up was a cinch because Vizio (the ONLY U.S. made television) includes a quick set-up guide, and an excellent instruction manual. Okay, I did have to make one quick trip to Radio Shack to buy a cable I didn't have, but I was forewarned about that, so I don't count it as a negative. Lots of hook-up options, so no matter how or what you want to hook up to this set, there's a hook up available for it (provided you have the right cable). Programming my TiVo remote to control the TV was a cinch since Vizio only has one code. How's that for simplicity? This LCD HiDef true 1080P television set is excellent at any price, but how can you go wrong for $550 - 580? Oh, and it looks good, too. It's an outstanding buy, and I highly recommend it.	BrandXYZ VOJ320F was designed to buck the trend of traditional black accents most commonly portrayed in consumer electronics today. The BrandXYZ "Java" colorization blends a more modern hue that is suitable for any decor. While impressing with overall design characteristics, BrandXYZ packs the VOJ320F with technology including full high definition 1080p processing power, 3x HDMI inputs and over 16 million colors to impress.
13202	You will Love this Vizio 32" 1080p LCD HDTV	I found this TV very easy to set up out of the box and the remote easy to use, you can use your computer or lap top on it. The picture is very nice I am vary happey with a Full HD TV for around $500.00.	BrandXYZ VOJ320F was designed to buck the trend of traditional black accents most commonly portrayed in consumer electronics today. The BrandXYZ "Java" colorization blends a more modern hue that is suitable for any decor. While impressing with overall design characteristics, BrandXYZ packs the VOJ320F with technology including full high definition 1080p processing power, 3x HDMI inputs and over 16 million colors to impress.
13205	A Good Buy	At $448 street, it's a tough box to beat in the 32-inch class. We actually targeted the VO32E as a Consumer Reports Best Buy ... as usual, we could not find any and I'm sorry to say that on-line pricing is not competitive among most models. We chose this one locally with a $30 2-year add-on warranty that actually starts AFTER the manufacturer warranty expires. Ready? ... Walmart. Setup - it's a breeze with an 'initialization' screen that welcomes one with first turn-on, starting with an auto channel search routine for those using cable/over-the-air. Since we're rigged with AT&T U-verse (a nice service), I can't speak to over-the-air reception and dumped cable after years of abuse by that outfit. It has all the setups needed for color density, contrast, yada accessed by a very intuitive remote control. The only confusion was how to 'save' an entry (hint - the 'LAST' button is the answer). It was not necessary to review the guide ... gee, that would ruin the challenge. Picture Quality - 1080P is quite good and better than an on-display Sony Bravia of the same price. 720P is satisfying and, in either case, viewing angle very good. This set HAS the ability to automatically stretch 720 to full screen, but it's not a perfect process; it can get lost after running through setup options for reasons unknown. It does a nice job of correctly sizing old 4:3 format video under 720 and 1080P. Aspect ratio is an on-going challenge with our 37-in Toshiba, which can't seem to figure out what kind of signal it is getting. Sound - it's VERY well balanced in tone and clarity. typically lacking low bass. When we added a mini component stereo system fed by the set's 'autio output' jacks to enhance the 'missing' bass it blended beautifully with the set speakers, which can be set to 'off' as desired. Further, the set's audio output feed can be set as 'fixed level' or to track up and down with set speaker/ volume level; very thoughtful feature. Inputs - 3 HDMI, 2 Audio/Visual (L-R-Video), and 2 three color component inputs. Outputs - There is one L-R RCA jacks analog output along with an RCA jack digital audio output. All inputs can be programmed with a friendly name. I rate this set as a 'best buy' in its class, outshining the Sony Bravia version sitting by its side.	BrandXYZ VOJ320F was designed to buck the trend of traditional black accents most commonly portrayed in consumer electronics today. The BrandXYZ "Java" colorization blends a more modern hue that is suitable for any decor. While impressing with overall design characteristics, BrandXYZ packs the VOJ320F with technology including full high definition 1080p processing power, 3x HDMI inputs and over 16 million colors to impress.
13206	Vizio 1080p HDTV	I purchased this Tv From [...] for [...] and it was a great buy. The picture is out of this world, with my Directv HD package and my 7 speaker surround system it takes TV watching to a totally different level. I was not a true believer in HDTV , I am a changed man now , if you are purchasing a 1080p HDTV please upgrade your cable or other services to high def programming to really enjoy all your HDTV has to offer. The Speakers on the TV are ok , but I prefer to hook up a true surround system. I forgot to mention that the TV looks great too.	BrandXYZ VOJ320F was designed to buck the trend of traditional black accents most commonly portrayed in consumer electronics today. The BrandXYZ "Java" colorization blends a more modern hue that is suitable for any decor. While impressing with overall design characteristics, BrandXYZ packs the VOJ320F with technology including full high definition 1080p processing power, 3x HDMI inputs and over 16 million colors to impress.
13208	GREAT GREAT GREAT	I JUST BOUGHT TWO 32 INCH VIZIO FLAT SCREEN TVS AND MY KIDS LOVE IT. THE PRICE OMG LOVE IT,YOU CANT GO WRONG WITH THIS BRAND AND PRICE HURRY GET ON LINE NOW BECAUSE THEY WONT LAST.	BrandXYZ VOJ320F was designed to buck the trend of traditional black accents most commonly portrayed in consumer electronics today. The BrandXYZ "Java" colorization blends a more modern hue that is suitable for any decor. While impressing with overall design characteristics, BrandXYZ packs the VOJ320F with technology including full high definition 1080p processing power, 3x HDMI inputs and over 16 million colors to impress.
13213	Great product!	These binders are fantastic. I know have my shelf space back and it helps make the area look more classy. Great product!	BrandXYZ Brown CD/DVD/Blu-Ray Binder. Store your CDs or DVDs in these beautiful binders. Designed to look like books, they blend in with the books on your bookshelf. Each binder includes 12 binder insert pages capable of holding a total 48 CDs or DVDs. Store photo discs, DVD or Blu-Ray movies, or CD music collections. With additional insert pages, each storage binder is expandable.The data and music you collect needs to be securely stored in a case that truly protects it. DVD holders, CD holders...
13214	GR8T BINDER!!!	The Bellagio Italia brown binders are great. I have mostly just used the black color after seeing some aquantiences with the brown i decieded i better get that color too. The 6 pack was just the right amount to finish off my DVD collection. Wonderful idea and great product.	BrandXYZ Brown CD/DVD/Blu-Ray Binder. Store your CDs or DVDs in these beautiful binders. Designed to look like books, they blend in with the books on your bookshelf. Each binder includes 12 binder insert pages capable of holding a total 48 CDs or DVDs. Store photo discs, DVD or Blu-Ray movies, or CD music collections. With additional insert pages, each storage binder is expandable.The data and music you collect needs to be securely stored in a case that truly protects it. DVD holders, CD holders...
13215	Extremely Cool!	This is my 3rd Zune from Microsoft. I used up all the memory on my 80 gig, so I decided to buy a Zune 120, and also decided to shell out the extra 20$(?) for the Gears of War Content. I must say, this Zune is very sexy. It's sleek, shiny, and has has an awesome logo on the back. The only thing I was disappointed with was the standard headphones. They sound good, but the premium ones that came with my 80 gig are exceptionally better. If you are a gamer and want a Zune, this one is definitely the one to get, even for the Gears of War swag that's comes along with it.	The best-selling Xbox franchises of all time, Xbox and Epic Games Inc. have collaborated with BrandXYZ to create this unique portable media player. The BrandXYZ "Gears of War 2" special edition is based on the new BrandXYZ 120GB device and features a laser-etched Crimson Omen on the new glossy black enclosure, collectible "Gears of War" packaging, and 244 pieces of "Gears of War" media including the original game soundtrack, behind-the-scenes videos, game trailers and concept art galleries.has a...
13228	Excellent Customer Service	I filled my 30Gig with my music collection and was very happy with the Zune product. I dropped the device and shattered the screen, even though the device still operated these two factors justified the purchase of a new bigger player. The price of the Gears of War 120Gig edition appealed so I took the plunge. Alas after one days use the lock switch became stuck in the locked position, rendering the device inoperable. I used the internet customer service for the Zune product, received a replacement unit and I am syncing my music and podcasts at this moment. Overall I am pleased with the product.	The best-selling Xbox franchises of all time, Xbox and Epic Games Inc. have collaborated with BrandXYZ to create this unique portable media player. The BrandXYZ "Gears of War 2" special edition is based on the new BrandXYZ 120GB device and features a laser-etched Crimson Omen on the new glossy black enclosure, collectible "Gears of War" packaging, and 244 pieces of "Gears of War" media including the original game soundtrack, behind-the-scenes videos, game trailers and concept art galleries.has a...
13235	Simply Awesome...	What more can you ask for, Zune and Gears of War 2. Its Microsoft goodness all over the place. 120 GB of musix, podcast and video storing love. Try out the wireless syncing and marketplace options and see why this is a true IPOD killer.	The best-selling Xbox franchises of all time, Xbox and Epic Games Inc. have collaborated with BrandXYZ to create this unique portable media player. The BrandXYZ "Gears of War 2" special edition is based on the new BrandXYZ 120GB device and features a laser-etched Crimson Omen on the new glossy black enclosure, collectible "Gears of War" packaging, and 244 pieces of "Gears of War" media including the original game soundtrack, behind-the-scenes videos, game trailers and concept art galleries.has a...
13243	Zune 120 gears of war 2	Great device. Lots of memory for storing movies, pics, music. Have about 40 movies lots of music and many-many pics right now and still have about 90g left. Highly recommend	The best-selling Xbox franchises of all time, Xbox and Epic Games Inc. have collaborated with BrandXYZ to create this unique portable media player. The BrandXYZ "Gears of War 2" special edition is based on the new BrandXYZ 120GB device and features a laser-etched Crimson Omen on the new glossy black enclosure, collectible "Gears of War" packaging, and 244 pieces of "Gears of War" media including the original game soundtrack, behind-the-scenes videos, game trailers and concept art galleries.has a...
13244	Good Deal	I needed something to carry music with and I play alot of games, Im content.	The best-selling Xbox franchises of all time, Xbox and Epic Games Inc. have collaborated with BrandXYZ to create this unique portable media player. The BrandXYZ "Gears of War 2" special edition is based on the new BrandXYZ 120GB device and features a laser-etched Crimson Omen on the new glossy black enclosure, collectible "Gears of War" packaging, and 244 pieces of "Gears of War" media including the original game soundtrack, behind-the-scenes videos, game trailers and concept art galleries.has a...
13250	More than happy	I am more than happy with the Zune I purchased. With the addition of a couple of accesories, it has become the perfect multi media player. I run it through my X-box 360 and watch all of my movies without having to worry about the "red ring of death" from overheating. With the addition of travel speakers I can use it in the laundry room while doing America's favorite chore! Not to mention it comes with a set of headphones for those with more conventional tastees. Worth every penny.	The best-selling Xbox franchises of all time, Xbox and Epic Games Inc. have collaborated with BrandXYZ to create this unique portable media player. The BrandXYZ "Gears of War 2" special edition is based on the new BrandXYZ 120GB device and features a laser-etched Crimson Omen on the new glossy black enclosure, collectible "Gears of War" packaging, and 244 pieces of "Gears of War" media including the original game soundtrack, behind-the-scenes videos, game trailers and concept art galleries.has a...
13252	AMAZING!!!!!!!!	This is an AMAZING Zune. It's got Gears of War 2 soundtracks, pictures, videos and more. The new Zune firmware contains games as well as wireless syncing. 120 GB of memory. That's ALOT of music and movies. I am really glad I bought this, and I don't regret it at all!! I recommend getting one. You won't be sorry. Enjoy	The best-selling Xbox franchises of all time, Xbox and Epic Games Inc. have collaborated with BrandXYZ to create this unique portable media player. The BrandXYZ "Gears of War 2" special edition is based on the new BrandXYZ 120GB device and features a laser-etched Crimson Omen on the new glossy black enclosure, collectible "Gears of War" packaging, and 244 pieces of "Gears of War" media including the original game soundtrack, behind-the-scenes videos, game trailers and concept art galleries.has a...
13256	Refurbished unit?	I think I received a refurbished unit. When I opened the package, I immediately noticed the cut sticker on one side of the box. When I took out the unit from the box and turned the unit on, I immediately noticed that its 85% charged.	The best-selling Xbox franchises of all time, Xbox and Epic Games Inc. have collaborated with BrandXYZ to create this unique portable media player. The BrandXYZ "Gears of War 2" special edition is based on the new BrandXYZ 120GB device and features a laser-etched Crimson Omen on the new glossy black enclosure, collectible "Gears of War" packaging, and 244 pieces of "Gears of War" media including the original game soundtrack, behind-the-scenes videos, game trailers and concept art galleries.has a...
13262	Sennheiser OMX80 Sport - Ultimate Sport	After spending $600 plus on portable higher-end headphones (in ear, out ear, all over the ear) few were found usable for the sport arena where sweat, heat and oils are an issue. (Running, Jogging, Gym Machines of all kinds, Beaching, Boating, Canoeing, Kayaking) The OMX80 Sport is the ticket. From the price to the performance it's the only way to go. Some say the volume is not acceptable, well I have 5 mp3 players from 4 various companies - Apple, iRiver, Archos, Sandisk and the sound volume is more than ample, unless you intend on surgery from a blown ear drum. The sound quality is of course not a full ear $350 Bose or others like that but for the sport arena and for listening pleasure it's more than enough. ps I'm a sound critic, been in sound reproduction full and part time for 15 years.	OMX80-Blue clip on ear speakers are compatiable with mp3 players, I-Pod and other portable devices with a 1/8 inch connector. BrandXYZ Basswind System delivers poweful bass response. Sweat and water-resistant, washable under running water.Cable and carrying pouch included. 2-year warranty.
13263	Last pair of Sennheiser earphones for me!	This is my third pair of Sennheiser earphones/headphones...and my last! I've had to replace all three pairs due to unacceptable sound quality and poor design. I could at least accept that the poor sound quality on the previous headphones was due to the lower cost, but for $60, I expect something better than my $20 Sony sports headphones. These are actually worse! I found that the vocals were not clear and that the sound was generally dull. With the larger earbuds and a better seal, I did get an improvement in bass, but it overwhelmed the higher ranges and made them sound even worse. Also, I wanted to specifically address the asymmetrical cord, which is a huge design flaw in my opinion. Whoever came up with this design obviously does not work out on a regular basis. The best place for headphone cords to hang is centered directly in front of you. When you put them behind your neck, they sit on your shoulders and get pulled on whenever you twist your body. When you put them in front, but they hang to the left side (as is the case with asymmetrical cords), they get pulled on whenever you do exercises with your left arm. One of the other reviewers mentioned having to adjust the left side more often - this is because the asymmetrical cord puts all the weight of the cord on the left side. This is just a horrible configuration for headphones, particularly when they're intended for working out. Now, what I will say about these headphones (and it's the reason I'm giving them two stars instead of one) is that the earhooks are fantastic. They aren't just pliable, they're adjustable! They have some wire in the part that goes over your ear, so when you adjust them to your ear, they maintain the shape. My right ear is slightly different from my left ear, so this allowed me to get an excellent fit on both. The only downside to this is that a hard case is not provided for them, so your custom fit is likely to get bent out of shape if you store them in a crowded gym bag.	OMX80-Blue clip on ear speakers are compatiable with mp3 players, I-Pod and other portable devices with a 1/8 inch connector. BrandXYZ Basswind System delivers poweful bass response. Sweat and water-resistant, washable under running water.Cable and carrying pouch included. 2-year warranty.
13264	Workout Companions	I bought these specifically for use at the gym. So far, so good. The sound quality is good. I do weight training and use the elliptical machine. They pretty much stay in place for my entire workout. I think I must have a deformity with my left ear, because that is the only one that I have to adjust during my workouts once or twice. Other than that, pleased with them.	OMX80-Blue clip on ear speakers are compatiable with mp3 players, I-Pod and other portable devices with a 1/8 inch connector. BrandXYZ Basswind System delivers poweful bass response. Sweat and water-resistant, washable under running water.Cable and carrying pouch included. 2-year warranty.
13265	These are awful....	I purchased these headphones for use while running. I've kept them for a year because they were so expensive, but I finally had to break down and get a different kind. First, the cord length is not adjustable, and the cord coming from the right side is much longer than that coming from the left. Also, the rubbery feel of the cord makes it "snag" on everything, which causes the headphones to be constantly yanked out of my ear as I move my arms. Finally, the adjustable arm that hooks over the ear is just too big - no matter how I bend it, it is not snug against my ear. Not sure why I've put up with them for so long.	OMX80-Blue clip on ear speakers are compatiable with mp3 players, I-Pod and other portable devices with a 1/8 inch connector. BrandXYZ Basswind System delivers poweful bass response. Sweat and water-resistant, washable under running water.Cable and carrying pouch included. 2-year warranty.
13266	Amazing sound!	I purchased these to use with my iPod Nano, 3rd generation, blue. They match the color perfectly. The sound is excellent, I have tried a few headphones in the past, the sound does not compare. You dont need to turn the volume up very loud, which allows for better private listening. They are comfortable to wear and I would say its the best $55 I ever spent.	OMX80-Blue clip on ear speakers are compatiable with mp3 players, I-Pod and other portable devices with a 1/8 inch connector. BrandXYZ Basswind System delivers poweful bass response. Sweat and water-resistant, washable under running water.Cable and carrying pouch included. 2-year warranty.
13326	Perfect home-office phone	I've been working a lot from home, with my office downstairs and family members upstairs. This phone is perfect for wearing all over the house and even out in the backyard. Great sound quality and range. Easy to wear and when I keep it clipped on my shirt or belt, I can't lose it. Having this phone has saved me a lot of steps, either up the stairs to find a phone or down the stairs to find a phone.	The CT14 Cordless Headset Phone from BrandXYZ offers the ideal combination of size, mobility and hands-free convenience. The CT14 combines an ultra-portable dial pad that lets you make or take calls up to 300 feet away from the charging base with an integrated noise-canceling headset. This complete DECT 6.0 single-line telephone system won?t interfere with wireless networks or home appliances. The dial pad has up to 10 hours of talk time and includes features like Caller ID/Call Waiting, one-tou...
13511	This Mini Monster's Ready for ACTION	Let me just start by saying, aside from the amazing array of features on this camera, it's tons of fun. The SLO-MO is my personal favorite, well, that and the burst mode. While it does have brilliant stills, the video is amazing to shoot with. I love the 30-210 fps mode because it shows the drastic difference between regular speed (which is brilliant already) to slow motion, which really seems like you're entering a wrinkle in time, seriously. Yesterday I went to a gymnastics meet, and wow, did it blow my mind. Being able to look back and see the girls hurdling down toward the vault at normals speed (which sincerely looks like fast forwarding) and then click right over to 210 mid-shot for some mid air hang time. I can't even believe how gorgeous it is. I'm pretty sure I'm a cinematographer right now, and I won't stop!! I am actually using this camera for work, as I'm working on marketing, and even while it's my job to hype it - I LOVE it just as a p&s camera and easy video, for my own personal use.	Compact but Fast Digital Camera that takes stills at 40fps and videos at up 1000fps. It is 7mp, 20x zoom, with 3-inch LCD and 26mm Wide Angle Lens.
13512	High Speed Video at a Great Price	This is a great deal for high speed video. The next step up in performance will cost you $20K more. Great for beginner HSV. Still photos are decent. On par with cameras in that class. Lens has a long and useful range. Vibration reduction is not obvious compare to Nikon 18-200mm VR. LCD is big and nice. Controls are easy. Video quality is good to very good. With exception of 1000fps. Is seems to compress alot of data so the picture quality is medium to poor. 1000fps is also not quite fast enough for some high speed activities like catching bullets or popcorn popping.	Compact but Fast Digital Camera that takes stills at 40fps and videos at up 1000fps. It is 7mp, 20x zoom, with 3-inch LCD and 26mm Wide Angle Lens.
13298	Lives up to usual Plantronics Quality	I received apparently one of the first Plantronics CT14 cordless headset telephones, and the bottom line is that there are no big surprises, which means I like the telephone given that I had high expectations in view of my previous experience with Plantronics quality. I did not have either of the previous models, CT12 or CT10, so I cannot compare to those. However at my office for a number of years I have been using a CS10 cordless headset system which works with a multi-line telephone, and I have become quite addicted to using a headset. Based on what I think is an objective test, the audio quality and volume of the CT14 are superb. The way I test that is to call my own voicemail and, during the same call, switch between various telephones while leaving a message. Then I listen to the recorded message, again switching among various telephones. That lets me hear the quality for myself, without relying on a person I am talking to for a report. One characteristic I am pleased to see included is that it is possible to chain dial from recorded numbers in the "phonebook." Thus, when I use a calling card with a 1-800 access number I can then access the PIN in the phonebook to have that dialed as well, followed by the number of the person I am calling. With some other telephones, after you have used the "phonebook" and the call is in progress, the directory scrolling keys change to a different function (e.g. volume) and all the remaining numbers must be dialed by hand. The only negative thing I have to say about the CT14 is that there is a higher level of background noise than I am accustomed to, which I suspect (but do not know for sure) is an inherent part of the DECT 6.0 technology which uses a single frequency band for both sides of the conversation, and uses time division duplex. So, digitally, a lot is going on behind the scenes, and I think I am hearing digital artifacts. This is mitigated somewhat because there is ample volume. So the volume can be turned down, which reduces the background noise, while still being able to hear the person on the other side. At some point I may compare to another DECT 6.0 telephone, or attempt to see what Plantronics has on this issue. (Update: I called Plantronics and a very pleasant rep assured me that the background noise I am hearing is not normal. The background should be quiet. He gave me an RMA number to send back the telephone for a replacement, but before I do that I am going to try the telephone someplace else. It is possible there is some sort of electrical interference unique to my house. Now that I finally have this telephone, I am very reluctant to part with it for any length of time. I really like it.) Earlier complaints regarding the predecessor CT12 concerned interference with Wi-Fi networks, and it seems clear that is not a problem with the CT14. The CT14 operates on a different frequency band (1920-1930 MHz versus 2400-2500 MHz), and that is an advertised feature of the CT14.	The CT14 Cordless Headset Phone from BrandXYZ offers the ideal combination of size, mobility and hands-free convenience. The CT14 combines an ultra-portable dial pad that lets you make or take calls up to 300 feet away from the charging base with an integrated noise-canceling headset. This complete DECT 6.0 single-line telephone system won?t interfere with wireless networks or home appliances. The dial pad has up to 10 hours of talk time and includes features like Caller ID/Call Waiting, one-tou...
13299	Grateful for a Hands-Free phone!	This is a great little phone, especially the fact that it's hands-free. I suffer from hand pain, and it seems that Plantronics is the only company still making a hands-free phone. I hope they always do. I already have the CT11 model, made a few years ago. The CT14 is basically the same design, but they have made improvements over the CT11. The buttons are a little larger, and the paint contrast on them makes the lettering much easier to see. The screen is larger, and also easier to read. I need a magnifying glass to read the CT11 screen. Really. The new feature I like the best is the Over-The-Ear headset. It's always been awkward putting a regular headset on quickly enough to answer the phone while it's ringing. The over-the ear headset is so simple and fast to use, I just slip it on my ear and talk. The new DECT 6.0 is true to its claims that there is no interference. If I turn the microwave oven on while using the CT11, I have to leave the kitchen because of interference. The CT14 has no such problem. I haven't tested its 300 ft range, yet. One thing odd about this phone is the `tin can' sound of caller's voices. I can hear them clearly, they just sort of sound like they are talking in a tin can. It's not so bad that I can't get used to it, though. The first phone I received was defective, and amazon was very helpful in coordinating a replacement phone. The problem with it was that the ringer volume (set on High) was so low, I had to be within 2-3 feet to hear it. My replacement phone is a little better, but not a whole bunch. I still need to be within about 10 feet to hear it. I don't know if this is the trend with newer phones, but with an aging baby boomer population, I think they should reconsider their design. I'm not hard of hearing, but if I've got the TV on, it takes a couple of rings before I realize that the little ringing sound is coming from my phone! Even with the couple of issues with this phone, I think it deserves five stars. I want to make sure Plantronics doesn't stop making these headset phones!	The CT14 Cordless Headset Phone from BrandXYZ offers the ideal combination of size, mobility and hands-free convenience. The CT14 combines an ultra-portable dial pad that lets you make or take calls up to 300 feet away from the charging base with an integrated noise-canceling headset. This complete DECT 6.0 single-line telephone system won?t interfere with wireless networks or home appliances. The dial pad has up to 10 hours of talk time and includes features like Caller ID/Call Waiting, one-tou...
13300	Plantronics CT14	I work from home and spend at least 6 hours a day on conference calls. I couldn't work without my Plantronics cordless headset phone. I recently replaced my several year old CT12 model due to frustrations with battery life. Even with replacement batteries in the CT12 they just weren't lasting. The CT14 does everything my CT12 did while giving me longer talk time. No more battery failure mid conference call. My only complaint is they moved the mute button and it took me about 3 days to get used to the new location. Highly recommended product for those who spend a lot of time on the phone and don't want to be tied to their desk.	The CT14 Cordless Headset Phone from BrandXYZ offers the ideal combination of size, mobility and hands-free convenience. The CT14 combines an ultra-portable dial pad that lets you make or take calls up to 300 feet away from the charging base with an integrated noise-canceling headset. This complete DECT 6.0 single-line telephone system won?t interfere with wireless networks or home appliances. The dial pad has up to 10 hours of talk time and includes features like Caller ID/Call Waiting, one-tou...
13301	Lacks speed dial feature, and flip-up waist clip.	Bought this phone to replace a dying Radio Shack cordless headset phone, which was the best of this type of phone I have ever owned. The Radio Shack ET-3906 had all the features I wanted in a phone, but was discontinued a long while ago. I tried this Plantronics phone based on all the good reviews, and it is a good phone with much better technology than the Radio Shack phone, however, it lacks two key features for me. The reason I need a cordless headset phone is so I can be mobile while talking. I need to have both my hands free, and be able to make and receive calls while moving throughout my home. This phone lacks a speed-dial, 10 key memory dialing feature. I had programmed all 10 keys of the Radio Shack to handle my multiple bank accounts information. This was so helpful to me to be able to simply press the numbered keypads on the phone to enter the lengthy account information. If I had realized this phone lacked such a common feature, I would not have bought it. It is critically important for me to have this feature, and many if not most phones today give you that feature. This phone also lacks a flip-up waist clip, so as it is clipped to your waistband, it is upside-down. If I need to access the keypad for any reason, (make another call, access the call waiting feature, ending a call, muting the phone, etc.) I have to remove it to do so. This is stupid. The Radio Shack phone had a flip-up face, and while it was on your waistband, when you looked down at it, the phone's dial pad was facing you, so you could clearly use the keypad of the phone. I understand the Plantronics Calisto Pro offers both a speed-dial and flip-up waist clip, but at a very steep price. My Radio Shack phone offered me all these features and more, for under $50.00. Lastly, the Plantronics phone is not shielded, so when my husband's cell phone is about to receive an incoming call, my Plantronics phone makes a horrid buzzing sound in my ear, totally disrupting my call. The Radio Shack phone never did this. For two people who work out of the home as my husband and I do, this interference is extremely annoying. So while I like this phone for the hands-free feature, as far as I can tell, there are no other options out there. Plantronics seems to be the only company making this type of phone now. A cordless headset phone should be available from all manufacturers. Once you use this type of phone, you can never go back to one that has to be hand held, or wedged into the area between your ear and shoulder. I think Plantronics could do better with this phone. I hope they make some improvements to this model. I refuse to pay the enormous price they want for the Calisto Pro. Plus, it is not a shielded phone either, so the interference issue would continue.	The CT14 Cordless Headset Phone from BrandXYZ offers the ideal combination of size, mobility and hands-free convenience. The CT14 combines an ultra-portable dial pad that lets you make or take calls up to 300 feet away from the charging base with an integrated noise-canceling headset. This complete DECT 6.0 single-line telephone system won?t interfere with wireless networks or home appliances. The dial pad has up to 10 hours of talk time and includes features like Caller ID/Call Waiting, one-tou...
13302	Cheap headset, really a phone	They put all their effort into creating a phone (without a mouthpiece) and added a really cheap headset onto it. If you want a lot of dialing features to carry around the house with you (caller ID, auto dialing, etc) then the phone part of this is okay (my portable phones all do these things, and are only a bit heavier). But I wanted really good sound, and this doesn't have it. It has one of those mikes that doesn't make it all the way to your mouth, and the "volume control" is in the phone with only 3 levels - not enough to help. I followed another reviewer's idea and called into my voicemail from this phone, and from several others in the same call. Then I listened on different phones. This one is slightly better than the $20 headset I was trying to replace, but worlds worse than just talking into a regular phone. Not worth $100!	The CT14 Cordless Headset Phone from BrandXYZ offers the ideal combination of size, mobility and hands-free convenience. The CT14 combines an ultra-portable dial pad that lets you make or take calls up to 300 feet away from the charging base with an integrated noise-canceling headset. This complete DECT 6.0 single-line telephone system won?t interfere with wireless networks or home appliances. The dial pad has up to 10 hours of talk time and includes features like Caller ID/Call Waiting, one-tou...
13306	Decent cordless phone with headset	Disclaimer: I am reviewing a unit that I received for free from the "Vine" program. It seems to be working well, in the short time that I've had it. I already have another identical copy of the headset itself, with cord and standard jack, that I already use on a phone in my office. So I already know that I like the headset (I prefer the over-the-head band, not the around-the-ear adapter). (I'd previously bought the other headset separately, [...] This new comes with the base unit/recharger, and a wireless "dial pad" that you can clip on or carry in your pocket (it's pretty small), plus the headset, with its cord that you plug in to the dial pad's standard headset jack. The wireless connection is over the "DECT" protocol (1.9GHz frequency) so it's not going to interfere with other common household wireless signals like WiFi, nor most other cordless phones. I have verified this. The dial pad does not have a builtin speaker (except for a "beep" when keys are pressed), nor a microphone, so it can't work standalone; you do have to use the headset. I don't have caller ID so I can't review that feature. There is some background hum when making a call. I know this is not from the headset because as I said, I have another identical headset on another (corded) phone. So it must be from the dial pad. But it's not too bad. Also I noticed that the hum diminishes significantly, when I walk farther away from the base unit. Overall, not bad. But if you already have a cordless phone and just want the hands-free headset (which I love), you can buy that separately, so you might not need this entire package.	The CT14 Cordless Headset Phone from BrandXYZ offers the ideal combination of size, mobility and hands-free convenience. The CT14 combines an ultra-portable dial pad that lets you make or take calls up to 300 feet away from the charging base with an integrated noise-canceling headset. This complete DECT 6.0 single-line telephone system won?t interfere with wireless networks or home appliances. The dial pad has up to 10 hours of talk time and includes features like Caller ID/Call Waiting, one-tou...
13332	Simple headset phone that works fine, yet seems overpriced	If using a POTS or VOIP line at home/office, this isn't a bad choice for you. It's a dial-pad you can use with any headset with a 2.5mm jack (the one that's included is OK -- I prefer other styles.) Parties I've chatted with on the other side report generally good call quality, though this unit, unlike many corded headset amplifiers, does NOT provide the option to adjust your outgoing (read: microphone) volume. The voice quality is clear (thanks to the DECT 1.8GHz technology) -- and you won't pickup any of the interference common on the 2.4GHz band. I was able to take this phone at least 300 feet OUTSIDE of my home -- and that's with the base being placed on the floor far from any exterior walls. That's definitely impressive and on the better end of cordless phones. Also realize you MUST use a headset when using this phone (it takes a few seconds to put a headset on, compared with just picking up a handset.) There are decent cordless phone systems, despite being larger, have a headset jack along with a standard handset and provide similar call quality -- at the same or lower price. I'm personally only using this with basic, metered rate phone service at home for LONG calls, so I have little use for the caller ID/voicemail options that are presented on the phone. On the surface, however, they don't appear very difficult to use. The LCD screen readout is clear with the backlight and it isn't terribly difficult to navigate the menus. On the other hand, however, the buttons (including the numbers and TALK/END) are very small, even smaller than some itty bitty mobile phones I've see around. Bottom line -- if you're going to be spending a lot of time on the phone, looking for cordless freedom, and don't mind having to put a headset on every time you use the phone, it's a good choice. But there are other quality DECT phones with a headset jack (though you'll have to purchase the headset) that provide a similar experience.	The CT14 Cordless Headset Phone from BrandXYZ offers the ideal combination of size, mobility and hands-free convenience. The CT14 combines an ultra-portable dial pad that lets you make or take calls up to 300 feet away from the charging base with an integrated noise-canceling headset. This complete DECT 6.0 single-line telephone system won?t interfere with wireless networks or home appliances. The dial pad has up to 10 hours of talk time and includes features like Caller ID/Call Waiting, one-tou...
13340	Improved version of reliable CT12	Best Features: Doesn't interfere with my wireless connection; Long battery life; Clear sound (sending and receiving); same compact size. Cons: None really, working as designed. I would (and have) recommend this phone to friends.	The CT14 Cordless Headset Phone from BrandXYZ offers the ideal combination of size, mobility and hands-free convenience. The CT14 combines an ultra-portable dial pad that lets you make or take calls up to 300 feet away from the charging base with an integrated noise-canceling headset. This complete DECT 6.0 single-line telephone system won?t interfere with wireless networks or home appliances. The dial pad has up to 10 hours of talk time and includes features like Caller ID/Call Waiting, one-tou...
13347	Greaat product	I have had my little phone for quite sometime. I love the mobility and the range of tasks I can do both in and out of the house. Fits into a pocket or clips on easily. Great performance for such a little phone. It fits my life style perfectly. Aleta North Carolina	The CT14 Cordless Headset Phone from BrandXYZ offers the ideal combination of size, mobility and hands-free convenience. The CT14 combines an ultra-portable dial pad that lets you make or take calls up to 300 feet away from the charging base with an integrated noise-canceling headset. This complete DECT 6.0 single-line telephone system won?t interfere with wireless networks or home appliances. The dial pad has up to 10 hours of talk time and includes features like Caller ID/Call Waiting, one-tou...
13348	Avoid	I bought the iRiver T7 because I wanted a player with: - built in USB plug - Radio - MSC mode for use with drag n drop I previously had an iRiver T30 and got used to it's quirky complexity. Compared with the T30 the T7 is very slow in all operations, playlists don't work in MSC mode, and the radio frequency shifts slightly after a short while. Even small details have changed for the worse, such as audio stopping while in the Settings and Browse menus, buttons are now harder to feel/press, and you have to press any button once to "wake up" the player before buttons can be used normally.	BrandXYZ introduces fast USB 2.0 Dongle type built in flash memory MP3 player in 5 different sophisticate colors(black, white, pink, blue and brown) to choose from. Crisp and soothing blue letters OLED display screen for easy navigation and simple control.Simple and Easy Ready Connection.Built-In convenient protracting USB connector offers simple and easy connection without the need for a separate USB cable and not having to worry about losing a cap.Listen and record your favorite radio stations...
13399	Outstanding Monitor for Photo Editing	Order a pair of these for home office, and I am really pleased. The build quality is top notch, no dead pixels, and all the accessories were included. NEC calls these "enterprise displays" because the housing is very simple matte black, with only a single blue LED to indicate power. The stands are perhaps the best feature as they allow for several inches of height adjustment, angle of display, and rotating the whole thing 90 degrees to portrait mode. If you are into glossy displays this is not for you. If you want a no fuss work horse monitor that produces very accurate colors that does not require a second mortgage, this is the monitor for you. I love it so much I might get a third.	BrandXYZ 24-Inch WD BK DVI(HDCP) SPK
13349	Decent sound is overshadowed by product faults	I was really looking forward to seeing and hearing this player in person. I had an iRiver unit in the past that offered outstanding sound quality and a plethora of features. Despite some warnings by the critics in the field, I thought I owed it to myself to try this one out. After only a few hours listening to and playing with the Volcano, though, I've already boxed it up for a refund. This is one of the many reasons I shop primarily at Amazon. Long story short: Really, the only highlight on this player is the decent to above usual sound quality (partly made possible by the 5 band customizable EQ. The main reason I'm sending it back is because of the unusually long delay when skipping to the next song. It took approximately 5 seconds from the instant I clicked the advance button for the next song to play. And that whole time was filled with silence. I had read this in a review of this product, and thought it was a pretty small price to pay for a good player. It's not a small price. Five seconds is a long time when all you want is the next song; that's all! When powering up the unit and pressing the play button, the delay is even longer. After a couple hours, I was beginning to feel deep resentment every time I had to watch the "Please wait..." message on the display screen. There are a few other buggy issues (or just plain bad design elements), but this alone was enough for me. Right now I'll stay with my Sony Walkman NWZ and Sansa Clip. Those a couple of great sounding, reliable players. Check them out.	BrandXYZ introduces fast USB 2.0 Dongle type built in flash memory MP3 player in 5 different sophisticate colors(black, white, pink, blue and brown) to choose from. Crisp and soothing blue letters OLED display screen for easy navigation and simple control.Simple and Easy Ready Connection.Built-In convenient protracting USB connector offers simple and easy connection without the need for a separate USB cable and not having to worry about losing a cap.Listen and record your favorite radio stations...
13350	one thumb up, one down	I really cannot recommend the T7. Sound is good, ogg support a plus, but the play, fast forward, rewind buttons and especially the menu button requires too much pressure to activate. Plus the software is very slow and unresponsive. But the biggest negative is the player doesn't resume where it was last turned off which is the logical mode. If I break for lunch half way through The Linux Link Tech Show I want it to resume where I turned it off. Actually I was so disappointed with the T7 that I immediately bought a Samsung U5 and I love it....half the memory but twice the machine.	BrandXYZ introduces fast USB 2.0 Dongle type built in flash memory MP3 player in 5 different sophisticate colors(black, white, pink, blue and brown) to choose from. Crisp and soothing blue letters OLED display screen for easy navigation and simple control.Simple and Easy Ready Connection.Built-In convenient protracting USB connector offers simple and easy connection without the need for a separate USB cable and not having to worry about losing a cap.Listen and record your favorite radio stations...
13351	Not bad..	Good little player overall. I needed an mp3 player with a USB connector, and this one has one hidden inside it so it works out perfectly since I don't have to carry around any extra connectors. I travel a lot and the less connectors the better. The package comes with an extension cord if you can't fit the USB connector in a tight space on your computer. Also, when I'm on the road and get a rental car, they either have an auxiliary input or USB connection (i.e. Microsoft SYNC) and this player does both without being bulky. You can choose from MSC and MTP Connection Type modes. MSC mode allows you to use your Volcano as a typical thumbdrive (drag&drop files) and you can play music straight off of it when connected to your computer/laptop. I'm not a fan of MTP mode so I cannot comment on that. Switching between the two modes will require a format of the Volcano. Sports a nice OLED screen as well. Downsides: buttons are too dark to see easily (but I bought a black one so what can you do? hah.) You can't browse music while music is playing (it just stops). I haven't figured out how to put it in shuffle mode, but I haven't read the manual yet.	BrandXYZ introduces fast USB 2.0 Dongle type built in flash memory MP3 player in 5 different sophisticate colors(black, white, pink, blue and brown) to choose from. Crisp and soothing blue letters OLED display screen for easy navigation and simple control.Simple and Easy Ready Connection.Built-In convenient protracting USB connector offers simple and easy connection without the need for a separate USB cable and not having to worry about losing a cap.Listen and record your favorite radio stations...
13352	Super monopod!	Light weight, strong, solid monopod. The legs slide out smoothly and lock down tight and firm, no slippage. The rubber boot at the bottom feels pretty secure. I'm not worried about it falling off or even wearing down anytime soon. The foam grip at the top feels comfortable for me, I have small hands. It is not too mushy that it would wear out soon or rip easily. I took the strap that hangs on it off because mostly it was just in the way because of the strap on my camera and it wouldn't stay secure. The end of the strap kept slipping thru the buckle. That's no big deal. I shoot a Canon 50D with the Sigma 18-250mm lens. I'm partial to Manfrotto products because they make excellent products. I have the Manfrotto 190CXPRO3 tripod and the Manfrotto 488RC2 ball head. I have nothing negative to say about this monopod. But my goodness, it is expensive at $180. But I know it will last for many years to come. For the heck of it I went and bought the Dynex DX-SW040 monopod from Best Buy for $33. When I extended the legs, they slipped. I returned it. As long as I can afford it, I'll stick with Manfrotto quality.	The best solution for sporting events, it allows photographers to shoot over the heads of everyone. The monopod has a rapid action extension locks, a wrist strap and a camera platform wit dual 1/4? and 3/8? camera fixing screw. Four section design, carbon fiber and magnesium locking collars make for a very light monopod. Closed length: 21.26 in.; color: black; leg cross-section: round; 4 leg sections; legs tube diameter: 29.2 . 24.8 . 20.4 . 16 mm.; load capacity: 11.02 lbs.; material: carbon fi...
13400	Not worth the price for 10% more performance than the i7 920	The purpose of this review is to evaluate if the i7 940 is a worthwhile purchase vs the less expensive i7 920. I cannot see any reason to spend the additional money for the i7 940. While overclockers or benchmarkers will gravitate to the i7 965 for obvious reasons, for more mainstream users, the i7 940 seems to be in a no-man's-land of a very moderate performance increase for a hefty price difference. Comparing the , I7 940 and is fairly straight forward. They all have the same architecture and features. The main differences are their operating thresholds. The i7 920 clocks in at 2.66ghz, the i7 940 at 2.93ghz, and the i7 965 at 3.2ghz. The i7 965 also has a faster throughput (quick path) of 6.2GT/sec vs. 4.8GT/sec for the 920 and 940. Each has 4 cores, and 8 logical cores available to the system. While few programs take advantage of that many cores currently, with the release of Windows 7 and CPU/GPU load sharing, that will change and allow multi-core hyperthreading processors like the i7 series really come into their own. This 940 seems to be the worst of the i7 options. Only 10% faster than the i7 920, it costs almost 50% more. The i7 965 has the added advantage of a faster through put (quick path) that for an enthusiast would justify the hefty price tag. For the average user, I can see no reason to purchase an i7 940 over an i7 920, considering a simple overclock will have the 920 operating at over 3ghz. a 10% performance increase for a 50% price difference is not justifiable. I would recommend purchasing the i7 920 instead. It's cheaper, and only 10% slower. You can overclock it to get equal or better performance with ease. If you have to have top end speed and have the money, I suppose you could consider the i7 965 which is easier to overclock than the i7 920 and 940 respectively. Of the three cards, the i7 920 easily has the best price point/performance ratio and is the best value. Overclockers and benchmarkers looking for top performance regardless of price should get the i7 965 if they can afford it.	BrandXYZ Core i7-940 Processor, 2.9 GHz, 4.8 QPI, 45nm, SSE4, 3 Channel Memory, 8 MB L3 Cache, Turbo Boost Technology, EIST in a LGA-1366 package
13401	Very nice chip -- runs hot	This is a very good CPU, and you can overclock it a bit. However, be sure and buy some silver thermal grease to get a good heat transfer to the fan that comes with it. I tried an outboard fan with it, but the quality was disappointing and it did not get good thermal contact, so the Intel fan cooled it better.	BrandXYZ Core i7-940 Processor, 2.9 GHz, 4.8 QPI, 45nm, SSE4, 3 Channel Memory, 8 MB L3 Cache, Turbo Boost Technology, EIST in a LGA-1366 package
13402	Wow - Nice Upgrade	This is clearly an upgrade from the Core 2 Duo processor. No issues with the chip and everything runs silky smooth. I would recommend not getting the extreme version given the astronomical price. Get a good after market cooler and overclock if you'd like but I'm fine running this at stock speeds.	BrandXYZ Core i7-940 Processor, 2.9 GHz, 4.8 QPI, 45nm, SSE4, 3 Channel Memory, 8 MB L3 Cache, Turbo Boost Technology, EIST in a LGA-1366 package
13403	Ahem	What another reviewer failed miserbly in explaining is the real differenced between the 920 and 940. Sure, most of us can do simple math and look and clearly see the different speeds.....thankfully Intel marketing is a little smarter than that. If one was so intelligent in doing their research and the real performance that these chips do....they would never degrade a breakthrough in computing technology. the 940 performs similar to the 965, however the 965 is less restricted in the flexibility for the professional computer user or gamer. The numbers for all 3 of these processors is leaps and bounds higher than anything on the market. One might actually need to do a little reading to learn this	BrandXYZ Core i7-940 Processor, 2.9 GHz, 4.8 QPI, 45nm, SSE4, 3 Channel Memory, 8 MB L3 Cache, Turbo Boost Technology, EIST in a LGA-1366 package
13504	Return policy sucks!	I bought a Velocity Micro Z5 in January, 2009. The system I received had two defects: 1) Video card never worked 2) On-board network interface failed on the second day The Velocity Micro corp charged me a 15% restocking fee when I returned the defective unit. That is a clear violation of Consumer Protection laws. I am taking the case up with my credit card company and with the Virginia State's Attorney General to get a complete refund. Don't buy from these guys or any company that does not honor consumer rights legislation.	Where mainstream meets the bleeding edge. The BrandXYZ Micro? Edge? Gx325 features an Intel? Core? 2 Quad Q93000 processor, dual 512MB ATI? 4850 HD graphics in CrossFire?, 4GB DDR2 memory, and 500GB hard drive for gaming and multimedia performance that blows away the mainstream. With BrandXYZ Micro?s trademarked build, meticulous attention to detail, and award winning technical support, this is a system that redefines what a desktop PC can be. Welcome to the New PC Experience.
13505	Problematic Desktop	I purchased a desktop from Velocity Micro last year and have had nothing but problems with it. It started out by getting the unit a month later than it was promised. I had memory problems, constant shutdowns, blue-screens etc. Many many phone calls to tech support, Had tree technicians in my house and finally, they had to replace the motherboard. During this past 11 months, I have had problems with this unit on and off and now again it would not complete a boot-up, all indications are memory problems again. I know they are rated high and I think it may be an isolated case.	Where mainstream meets the bleeding edge. The BrandXYZ Micro? Edge? Gx325 features an Intel? Core? 2 Quad Q93000 processor, dual 512MB ATI? 4850 HD graphics in CrossFire?, 4GB DDR2 memory, and 500GB hard drive for gaming and multimedia performance that blows away the mainstream. With BrandXYZ Micro?s trademarked build, meticulous attention to detail, and award winning technical support, this is a system that redefines what a desktop PC can be. Welcome to the New PC Experience.
13578	Best digital picture frame with the nicest metal picture frame I have ever seen or used!	This X-Digital Media XAW8DFHD 8" digital picture frame is the best looking frame I have owned, and that spans about 7 different frames. The fact that it has a 1-year warranty instead of many manufacturers of digital frames that give you 3-6 months was a big selling point! You can watch your slide show and listen to your MP3's at the same time. You can even switch between black and white, sepia, and color as the slide show is going! I uploaded my 12MP jpeg images from my Sony A700 DSLR camera with the average image size being about 6MB and it handled it like a champ! I can find no fault with this frame after a month of use. If I had to come up with one complaint, it would be that more snap-on frames are not available. But that being said, the nicest and highest quality metal frame I have EVER seen on a digital frame is already included, so why does anyone need other frames?!?! Good question! Buy it! You won't be disappointed! I liked my frame so much, I contacted the company and bought out their entire inventory of these frames!!! Get them before their gone!	X- Digital Media 8" Home D?cor Digital Photo Frame features die-cast metal construction and provides an optimal viewing experience. Interchangeable frame capability with compatible X Digital Media Inc. accessory solutions.
13506	VELOCITY MICRO EDGE GX325 WICKED GAMING MACHINE! AWESOME COMPANY!	I LOVE THIS COMPUTER< I LOVE THE ATTENTION TO DETAIL, THE INTUITIVE BUILD, THE SPEED, Even the way they packed and shipped it was amazing. Everything they did.... All the components and the manufacturers are top quality. It came with all the spare parts ( cable ties, cables, adapters, screws, etc...) you could possibly need to expand or tweak your system, so you don't have to run to the store, or search through the computer graveyard & junk drawer - it even came with a T-Shirt ( HEY, it's FREE CRAP!) The computer is a beautiful machine; I felt like I was contaminating it by adding my old hard drive to it. I DID TWeak It out by adding 4 Gigs of RAM to total 8 gigs, but it only cost me [...] for the same great quality RAM that was in it already. The manual is the most comprehensive, detailed manual I have ever seen....It could have been "Motherboards For Dummies." Customer Service has also been Wicked Awesome, Velocity is really on top of their game: very hands on, very individualized, almost like having an exclusive club membership. I didn't have any trouble at all with my computer or setup, but you do have to register with them to validate your warranty and be eligible for your free upgrade to Windows 7, and other services and benefits. Seriously, This computer is everything I could every want in a computer, and more that I didn't even think to ask for. If I counted right, It has 7 fans to keep it running cool, and they can be controlled automatically or manually. The ATI Catalyst software allows you to control the 2 Hi Def Video Cards and the CPU. The Graphics & Video capabilities are almost overkill for me.... I need another manual to explain some of the functions and settings to me. For those of you with ADHD, like me, there are mesmerizing blue lights shining from under the keyboard, the mouse, and the front and sides of the computer. Before I bought it, I could not imagine what would make this computer [...] while a computer with similar components was almost half that.....WOW there is SUCH a difference, in EVERY DETAIL there is a DIFFERENCE! It is a totally different experience, I could never go back to using just any other computer.	Where mainstream meets the bleeding edge. The BrandXYZ Micro? Edge? Gx325 features an Intel? Core? 2 Quad Q93000 processor, dual 512MB ATI? 4850 HD graphics in CrossFire?, 4GB DDR2 memory, and 500GB hard drive for gaming and multimedia performance that blows away the mainstream. With BrandXYZ Micro?s trademarked build, meticulous attention to detail, and award winning technical support, this is a system that redefines what a desktop PC can be. Welcome to the New PC Experience.
13507	Poor product, Poor customer service.	- Computer shut down first day after performing intensive file transfer operations. - Velocity customer support was not helpful at all. I don't believe system was adequately tested. - Returned this computer the next day. Will never consider this brand again. Just because the case and picture look great it does not imply the computer will perform.	Where mainstream meets the bleeding edge. The BrandXYZ Micro? Edge? Gx325 features an Intel? Core? 2 Quad Q93000 processor, dual 512MB ATI? 4850 HD graphics in CrossFire?, 4GB DDR2 memory, and 500GB hard drive for gaming and multimedia performance that blows away the mainstream. With BrandXYZ Micro?s trademarked build, meticulous attention to detail, and award winning technical support, this is a system that redefines what a desktop PC can be. Welcome to the New PC Experience.
13508	Leocity Micro PC's Rock!	I have owned 6 Velocity Micro PC's and Laptops over the past decade and continue to be impressed and surpised with each purchase/upgrade. Nowhere will you find the best performance in the industry at the best price. VM computers are built with the best components and are supported by the best service. The major magazines rating VM are nothing but on the mark! You must try one. You will not be disappointed!	Where mainstream meets the bleeding edge. The BrandXYZ Micro? Edge? Gx325 features an Intel? Core? 2 Quad Q93000 processor, dual 512MB ATI? 4850 HD graphics in CrossFire?, 4GB DDR2 memory, and 500GB hard drive for gaming and multimedia performance that blows away the mainstream. With BrandXYZ Micro?s trademarked build, meticulous attention to detail, and award winning technical support, this is a system that redefines what a desktop PC can be. Welcome to the New PC Experience.
13509	1000fps, HD video, AND 9 megapixel stills!!!	I purchased this camera from Best Buy on Thursday, and have shot over 30GB worth of photos and videos with it in just 4 days. The highlights: This camera has every shooting mode under the sun. It will shoot 9 megapixel stills, up to 7 megapixel stills at the incredibly fast rate of 40fps, HD 720p video, and slow motion video ranging from 30-1000fps. It also has a 20x zoom (although I find the zoom to be only slightly longer than my Canon S3 IS "12x zoom", but the wide angle is much wider). The camera is very easy to setup and use, although I am still trying to figure out some of the more advanced features (like the ability for the camera to automatically take photos when an object enters the frame). Image quality is pretty good, about the same as my Canon S3 IS. It does much deeper blues and reds than the Canon, and doesn't have as bad chromatic aberration, but it's greens are a little too blue for my taste, and the off-whites need some more yellow. Noise isn't as high as I expected, but do realize this is not a DSLR, it's a small lens and a small sensor. Lighting seems to be key with this camera. In direct sunlight, it takes amazing photos and videos, but in low-light, the high speed videos begin to suffer. I haven't had any that I took under normal lighting conditions come out unusable, but a few that I took in a very dim office nearly are. My only complaints are minor, but here they are: When shooting video, even with continuous AF off, it will still occasionally try to refocus, I find this very annoying I cannot seem to find the settings to turn on move-in CS (motion-sensor triggers the camera) While the latest firmware drastically improved write speeds for video, shooting single stills seems to take a long time to write to my class 6 memory card I really don't like the proprietary USB connection, it is very difficult to find the right angle to get it to plug in because it's so narrow Pleasant surprises: Unlike the S3 IS, it remembers your photo and video settings very well, and if you set photos to manual focus and then want to take a video, the video will "pick up" that setting as well The big 3" screen on the back is beautiful, with the Canon I mostly used the viewfinder, not so with the Casio Startup time is faster than I expected based on other reviews, from power on to first shot isn't noticeably longer than the S3 IS The flash is very bright and VERY fast, up to 5fps Editing videos on the camera is ridiculously easy, hands down the best video editing GUI I've seen on a camera, makes it very easy to just keep the part of the video you want Build quality is very good, I especially like the rubberized grip, it's much more secure than the Canon, and easier to hold despite it's heavier weight I'll post a further review after I've spent some more time with it, and hopefully a few of my little quibbles will be fixed in upcoming firmware.	Compact but Fast Digital Camera that takes stills at 40fps and videos at up 1000fps. It is 7mp, 20x zoom, with 3-inch LCD and 26mm Wide Angle Lens.
13513	Just what I had been looking for!	I wanted this camera to take pics of my daughter's basketball games, but my Nikon could not capture the "action" shots I wanted. To be fair though, I did not have a lens fast enough to capture the pics I wanted, and I did not want to spend a $1000+ to get one. I saw a camera similar to this reviewed in the NYT by David Pogue, and was very interested since from his video demo it seemed like I could finally capture the pics that I wanted. After much research, and indecision I finally decided to bite the bullet. I received it Friday, I took it to my daughter's practice this weekend, and WOW, I have pictures that I could never have taken before. I can capture the shot of when the ball is just leaving my daughter's hand for a lay up, and she, the ball, and the basket are all in perfect focus caught just at that fraction of the second like you see in magazines. The 40 fps is amazing, and when you review the pics, it looks like those flip books that they use to sell at Disneyland. I like to take pics, but I am not the best photographer, with 40 (or 30,15, 10 whatever you want to set the fps at)even I can capture the shot I want. The pics are sharp not DSLR sharp, but pretty darn good! Previously when I use to take pics, I would get blurred images, but now, I can see everything, its like that fraction of second captured. The down side of this camera is that it can take a few seconds to write those 40 pictures to your card, and theoretically I could miss that next picture while waiting, but I have so many other pictures now that I CAN use, it doesn't matter as much as I thought it might. The high speed video, and slow mo work as promised, and are a lot of fun. I haven't played a lot with it since I am more interested in the still side of the camera. What I have played with though is pretty amazing. Some of the negative reviews that I have seen on the internet seem to slam the camera because there is a softness in the picture quality on some shots, but they seem to be comparing this camera to a DSLR which technically it isn't. For what I want it for - action shots of kids (basketball and gymnastics), plus casual pictures this camera is GREAT! This camera does eat through the batteries, so rechargables are my next purchase.	Compact but Fast Digital Camera that takes stills at 40fps and videos at up 1000fps. It is 7mp, 20x zoom, with 3-inch LCD and 26mm Wide Angle Lens.
13515	Works great - maybe	Purchased this camera after considerable review, as it seemed to be an inexpensive way to take high-speed video. I have only used it a few times, but it appeared to work really well. I have used it at 210 frames a second and at 480. Both speeds appeared to work well. I have not tried the 1000 setting, as it was not necessary for what I wanted to do. My problem is that I have yet been able to view the video out side of the camera to see how it would look on a larger screen. I am not sure if it is my mistake or a problem with the camera, but I cannot get any card reader to "see" the SDHC card. They either will not read it at all or give me an error message telling me that the card is not properly formatted. I am still working on that one. I have been unable to use the USB cable that comes with the camera to download to the computer either. That appears to be a physical problem with the outlet on the camera. I am sending it back to Casio to see if they can fix it. Technical support did not help, but when they realized they could not the directed me to the repair website. That was easy to navigate and like many other sites they provide the mailing label and material to be included. We will see what happens. Except for the inability to check the final step, the camera appears to work well on high-speed video outside with good lighting. With any high-speed camera, the higher the speed the less resolution and the more light needed.	Compact but Fast Digital Camera that takes stills at 40fps and videos at up 1000fps. It is 7mp, 20x zoom, with 3-inch LCD and 26mm Wide Angle Lens.
13518	Everything that I need and want for my camera	I bought this camera because my daughter is a golfer. I use high speed function for her training to see her swing. 20X Zoom is very handy when she is playing in the tournament. HD Recording when she is receiving her award. Camera itself is very sturdy and very high quality built. Make sure that you buy a good camera bag to go with it because the screen is so big, it is easy to get scratched. It is a little heavy; however, I would recommend for any parent who have kids that play any kind of sport. "YOU WILL LOVE THIS CAMERA." Amorn Thothong	Compact but Fast Digital Camera that takes stills at 40fps and videos at up 1000fps. It is 7mp, 20x zoom, with 3-inch LCD and 26mm Wide Angle Lens.
13533	Flimsy ... unfortunate.	The VPC-E870 has a problem with being extremely flimsy. This is unfortunate as it comes with so many features and is incredibly priced. Also the pictures are quite good. After 8 months I put in an alternate usb line to transfer pictures ... I pressed in the cord ... (did I press it in too hard or something ) as the power suddenly went out. It is just too flimsy. I will send a note to Sanyo as well. I reccommend spending a bit more on a better built camera.	The BrandXYZ Xacti VPC-E870 digital still camera captures 8 megapixel digital still images and combines 3x optical zoom lens with 5x digital zoom. This camera features a digital image stabilizer for less blur in your photos and red eye removal which allows you to correct red-eye caused by the flash. It also has face detection technology which automatically detects faces within the frame and automatically adjusts the focus and exposure according to the detected face. The VPC-E870 uses a rechargab...
13534	PIECE OF JUNK	We purchased this camera for my mother for christmas. We like everybody else we did most of our shopping thanksgiving weekend. My mother loved it when she opened at our christmas get together 12-26. March 1st it would not turn on. Walmart's warranty is only for 30 days, but they did check the battery and it was fine, so they gave us the Sanyo 800 number which my mother called twice never could get a live person and left a message both times. Phone calls were never returned. So I contact them through their customer service website. Their reply is "it's over 90 days from date of PURCHASE they WON'T GO BY GIFT DATE so we can not warranty this camera" It stopped working 3 days after warranty went out. DON'T BUY SANYO!!!!!!	The BrandXYZ Xacti VPC-E870 digital still camera captures 8 megapixel digital still images and combines 3x optical zoom lens with 5x digital zoom. This camera features a digital image stabilizer for less blur in your photos and red eye removal which allows you to correct red-eye caused by the flash. It also has face detection technology which automatically detects faces within the frame and automatically adjusts the focus and exposure according to the detected face. The VPC-E870 uses a rechargab...
13519	THE camera for sports analysis	I have been filming my golf swing since since 2004 with a standard Canon 30fps camera, and while it gave me great results for so long, it was time to upgrade when this model came out. Yes, golf is my game, and this camera fits the bill perfectly. While it's not a very good still camera (my 3 year old 5meg Canon is much better), there is no other option for high speed recording. The Casio takes pictures at 480x360 at 210 fps, which is the typical resolution I record at. Once in a while I mess around with 1000fps (like taking a nice close-up of the ball... fantastic for sand shots), but in reality, 210fps is what you want. You need a fair amount of light to record at 210fps, as you MUST have your shutter speed faster than that (for obvious reasons). The Fh-20 forces a minimum shutter speed based on your frame rate. If I recall correctly, 1/250 is required for 210fps. I very much recommend the Fh-20 over the fc100, because you can manually adjust the shutter speed, while the FC-100 takes it's best guess. You can also adjust the ISO with the FH-20. So in lower light conditions, you can jack up the ISO (while getting a grainier picture), but keep the shutter speed at a fast enough speed to get a decent picture. In good lighting conditions, you'll want the shutter speed at 1/2000 or faster. I generally keep it at 1/5000 during the summer in full sunlight. I've messed around with 1/20000, but there's really no point. You then record to a memory card, and you can then play back on the camera. For a golf swing, I generally don't record more than 3 swings at a time, as it takes too long to fast forward through the swing. You can then trim the video to one swing, or get rid of the extra meaningless video. The Casio has pretty good playback ability on the camera itself, and the display is bright enough in full sunlight. I don't even bring my laptop to the range anymore. As far as swing analysis, I then copy the videos to my laptop later and can view them with analysis software. About the only limitation is that when you record in 210fps, you cannot play back at 210fps. Therefore your videos will ALWAYS be in slow motion. The lens is pretty wide, so you can set the camera up very close to the subject and get it in frame. Great for those tight quarters at the driving range. Of course, the closer the camera, the more parallax error there is in the video (google it!!). A couple of limitations with the camera: There's a 4 gig file limit regardless of memory card size, which corresponds to about 11 minutes of 210fps high speed video in one take. IIRC, that's = to 18 min of high def video. If your intent is to set it and forget it while at the range, that won't work (beyond 11 minutes). It's not a big deal, but something to consider. Secondly, the still camera is pretty poor. I didn't buy it for that, so I really don't care. There's a thread on [...] which discusses this more in detail and I had uploaded a picture of the same object with my canon vs casio, and you can clearly see the difference. This camera also features high def mode and standard video. They seem to work pretty well, but I don't have any experience with any other high def cameras to give a valid review on the quality. Anyway, like I said, this is THE camera to get for sports analysis. You will NOT be disappointed.	Compact but Fast Digital Camera that takes stills at 40fps and videos at up 1000fps. It is 7mp, 20x zoom, with 3-inch LCD and 26mm Wide Angle Lens.
13520	Excellent camera for action	I got this camera mostly for the high speed function. It does very well and I would recommend it to anyone that wants it for either it's 20x optical zoom or the high speed function. It's not a great camera, it's bulky and uses 4 AA's, but for high speed, it really does a great job for the money assuming you're in daylight. Even with bright artificial lighting you'll get about nothing in HS mode. It is annoying that you can't have zoom and the mic functioning at the same time while shooting video.	Compact but Fast Digital Camera that takes stills at 40fps and videos at up 1000fps. It is 7mp, 20x zoom, with 3-inch LCD and 26mm Wide Angle Lens.
13521	High speed photgraphy at a fraction of the cost	While at the World of Archery in Las Vegas, a publisher showed me this camera. We had been discussing high speed photography and its use in tuning archery equipment. Former U.S. Olympic coach, Lloyd Brown is well known for his work in the field.The average user who isn't able to drop about $6k for equipment will find the Casio Exilim EX-FH20 incredibly cost effective. Casio is introducing several other high speed video cameras, but I felt that this model met my immediate needs. With a rate of 1000 frames per sec and a shutter speed of 1/50,000th of a second and decent resolution, it is a great introduction to high speed filming. Coaching hurdling or any sport can be assisted through its' use. Compact and easy to use. Not just your average point & shoot. I've been a pro-photographer since 1969 and welcome the addition of this versatle camera to my gadget bag. I don't thing you will be disappointed. Check out Casio's site for updated models and info to help pick the right one for your needs.	Compact but Fast Digital Camera that takes stills at 40fps and videos at up 1000fps. It is 7mp, 20x zoom, with 3-inch LCD and 26mm Wide Angle Lens.
13526	what I expected	I bought this camera for videoing the golf swing and it performs as I expected it would. The high speed isn't as clear as you see on tv but then the camera doesn't cost $30,000 either! The stills are excellent and the high speed still feature is very fun with the pace of watching and taking photos of grand children.	Compact but Fast Digital Camera that takes stills at 40fps and videos at up 1000fps. It is 7mp, 20x zoom, with 3-inch LCD and 26mm Wide Angle Lens.
13532	Excellent photos	My husband and I bought this camera on a whim before a short road trip March, 2008. I was a bit skeptical as I've never owned any sanyo products before. However, the photos are very good quality; it's got tons of features, and it takes video to boot (built in mic). As I've said, had mine almost a year and a half now and it's still going strong, haven't even had to replace the battery yet. Love this camera.	The BrandXYZ Xacti VPC-E870 digital still camera captures 8 megapixel digital still images and combines 3x optical zoom lens with 5x digital zoom. This camera features a digital image stabilizer for less blur in your photos and red eye removal which allows you to correct red-eye caused by the flash. It also has face detection technology which automatically detects faces within the frame and automatically adjusts the focus and exposure according to the detected face. The VPC-E870 uses a rechargab...
13551	A MEMORABLE listening experience; An affordable price.	I'm not one to incessantly brag about the latest and greatest hi-tech gizmos, and, indeed, I THOUGHT that I heard it all until I happened upon this product. It is true surround sound in a box. It beat the Tivioli products I came to look at (both in terms of price AND performance), and nothing currently offered by Bose even comes close. GenevaSound products really ARE THAT GOOD! I was skeptical of the salesman's claims until I sat down and listened to it, but what really flabbergasted me was that it sounded even BETTER when I unboxed the medium unit and played it at home. The sound seemed to be coming at me from all directions. GenevaSound products offer the best high-end hi-fi equipment on the market, period. And at an affordable price. A word of advice. The medium-sized unit was adequate for my relatively small living quarters, but anyone living in a larger home might wish to consider the large or x-large versions. Not sure that the ultra-expensive sound bar is necessary, though, unless you live in a gymnasium.	One look at GenevaSound reveals why it is sold in leading design and fashion houses from Milan to Manhattan. Listen to GenevaSound and hear why its patented audio engineering is found in recording studios that repeatedly win Grammies and Oscars. From Switzerland, GenevaSound is furniture music ? a renewed fusion of home entertainment and home d?cor that brings technology and design full circle. Visually, Geneva is a classic design statement. But beyond its striking simplicity, the clean lines em...
13552	Geneva M Rocks	The Geneva M puts out an incredible sound for such a small little box and while it has no handles, it is easy to transfer between rooms to enjoy my fantastic music anywhere. The Geneva sound is excellent from top to bottom, and bass production lives up to the quality of the music played. The level of power is stronger with CD's than my i-Pod, but this is true with my primary large stereo system as well. The beauty of the stereo is in its fine simplicity and fine craftsmanship. It enhances my room but does not define it. I also love the remote control. It is simple, easy to see and accomplishes what it is intended to accomplish. I do not feel that I need to wear my glasses and get out a driver's manual. Overall, the performance of the Geneva M is spectacular.	One look at GenevaSound reveals why it is sold in leading design and fashion houses from Milan to Manhattan. Listen to GenevaSound and hear why its patented audio engineering is found in recording studios that repeatedly win Grammies and Oscars. From Switzerland, GenevaSound is furniture music ? a renewed fusion of home entertainment and home d?cor that brings technology and design full circle. Visually, Geneva is a classic design statement. But beyond its striking simplicity, the clean lines em...
13575	Great Pad for Gaming	Great mouse pad... Feels slightly rough to the hand, but my Razer Deathadder mouse glides across it like butter! The texture allows your palm and pinky figer to get a nice grip, while you can easily move the mouse around with little effort. I play mostly CSS and this pad helped me aim even better! (old mouse pad slid around a lot, this one stays put like glue!) The only bad thing about it is that the cross groove texture makes it easy to get a lot of crumbs and stuff on the mousepad. I keep my desk pretty clean, but for chip-a-holics, (and if you use an old ball mouse for some reason...) this could be a small problem... Overall great mousepad! -Viperbird	Advanced Cloth Weave for Unbridled Speed and Effortless Control, Pixel-Precise Gaming Targeting and Tracking, Optimum Performance with all Mouse Sensitivity Settings and Sensor Types
13576	wonder pad	works great. however small is relative i think it is huge. i would like this much more if it were half it's size.	Advanced Cloth Weave for Unbridled Speed and Effortless Control, Pixel-Precise Gaming Targeting and Tracking, Optimum Performance with all Mouse Sensitivity Settings and Sensor Types
13579	qulity frame	I got it from e-bAY as a bood deal for my wife's birthday present, it looks classic and not a cheap frame, for 800by600 pixels, ipod ready, 4:3 aspect ratio, I can't expect more at this price, we really like this frame.	X- Digital Media 8" Home D?cor Digital Photo Frame features die-cast metal construction and provides an optimal viewing experience. Interchangeable frame capability with compatible X Digital Media Inc. accessory solutions.
13584	Shredder stopped feeding papers after 3 days of use	I used this shredder for only 3 days and the auto feeder stopped working. Since the auto feeder stopped working this can no longer shed as the cutting blades are too far down in there to catch the paper. Even when the product did work, It frequently jammed. I tried to contact tech support and they would make me pay for shipping both ways in order to get it fixed which is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard of. Usually most companies will pay for the shipping when they ship it back. It looks like I am stuck with this shedder or as I call it a paperweight or doorstop. I will never buy a Techko shredder again.	Efficient Cross-cut Shredder for home or office. Guard against identity theft by shredding your mail. Quickly shreds sensitive documents through the 9.5-inch horizontal feed throat. Autotech technology automatically feeds up to 100 sheets per load.
13585	shredder	takes a bit to suck in the papers, basket smaller than thought. But, cross shredds well.	Efficient Cross-cut Shredder for home or office. Guard against identity theft by shredding your mail. Quickly shreds sensitive documents through the 9.5-inch horizontal feed throat. Autotech technology automatically feeds up to 100 sheets per load.
13620	Dead on Arrival	Computer arrived DOA. Called Velocity Micro tech support, was told to return it to Amazon and that computers sold through Amazon had problems due to excessive handling. Called Amazon, was told I needed to ship the computer back at my expense. After complaining, I was told Amazon would issue a shipping label, but that I would need to bring the computer to the post office. After complaining, Amazon said they might issue a call tag for UPS pickup, but that it would need managerial approval and I would have to wait 24 hours for the label. Amazon refused to exchange the item, even for an identical computer which they had in stock (I bought it for $1800 and the price immediately jumped hundreds of dollars after I made the purchase). Velocity Micro refuses to replace the computer for the price I paid, as it is less than it would be configured on their web site.	Power and performance to the extreme. This awe inspiring system is the first to be powered by Intel?s next generation Core i7 920 processor. With the Edge Gx535, BrandXYZ Micro?s extreme attention to detail allows for the creation of a PC that sets a new standard for power and performance. The Gx535 also features dual 512 MB ATI4850 HD graphics for crisp and immersive visuals, 6GB DDR2 memory, and a single 1000GB hard drive for massive amounts of storage. Since nothing but the very best componen...
13626	Didn't work, unfriendly warranty policy	The card was defective from the get-go, but it has a lifetime warranty, so no problem, right? Yes, if you have a receipt. But I have no receipt, so PNY, which handles the support for this product, refuses to exchange it. Why is a receipt essential for an item with a lifetime warranty? I'll stick with companies that stand behind their memory cards more resolutely.	The BrandXYZ by PNY SDHC family of cards makes a great solution for point-and-shoot digital cameras and digital camcorders. With capacities available up to 32GB, you'll have plenty of space to capture and store those special moments?whether family or friends, vacations, sporting events and more. Please verify that your device such as cellular phone or digital camera supports SDHC cards. SDHC cards are not compatible with standard SD host devices and card readers, and will only work on SDHC host ...
13627	WORKS WELL	NOT MUCH TO SAY ABOOUT A MEMMORY CARED, BUT THE CAMERA CALLS FOR A 4 MEG CARD...THE POLAROID 8 MEG CARD WORKS PERFECT AND GIVES YOU MORE COVERAGE IN VIDEO AND STILL PHOTOGRAPHY....	The BrandXYZ by PNY SDHC family of cards makes a great solution for point-and-shoot digital cameras and digital camcorders. With capacities available up to 32GB, you'll have plenty of space to capture and store those special moments?whether family or friends, vacations, sporting events and more. Please verify that your device such as cellular phone or digital camera supports SDHC cards. SDHC cards are not compatible with standard SD host devices and card readers, and will only work on SDHC host ...
13628	SDHC card for Polaroid digital camera	Why settle for 16mb of memory built into the camera when you can add up to 4 gigs of memory for $10 more. Make sure you order the SDHC card when buying the camera. You will not be disappointed.	The BrandXYZ by PNY SDHC family of cards makes a great solution for point-and-shoot digital cameras and digital camcorders. With capacities available up to 32GB, you'll have plenty of space to capture and store those special moments?whether family or friends, vacations, sporting events and more. Please verify that your device such as cellular phone or digital camera supports SDHC cards. SDHC cards are not compatible with standard SD host devices and card readers, and will only work on SDHC host ...
13647	Great Device	I had owned some Ergotron monitor arms before, but this one takes the cake. I have two HP w2408h 24" monitors, and it handles both of them quite well. I use the monitors for cloned screens so that clients can see what I am typing on forms. So I'm constantly moving them around. No problem at all, and the unit is attractive to boot. Worth every penny.	BrandXYZ's LX Dual Side-by-Side Arm easily accommodates displays sizes of 24" or smaller, perfectly aligning them on a sleek, streamlined base. Create a fully adjustable side-by-side configuration, lifting both LCD screens up to where they're easier to see, freeing valuable workspace.Up. Down. Forward. Back. The LX Dual Arm provides unparalleled range of motion with features like height adjustment, extension/retraction motion and tilt of LCDs as workflow requires, and an integrated landscape to ...
13648	Significant downgrade from the original model - LCD2690WUXI	I compared LCD2690WUXI2 to the earlier LCD2690WUXI side by side. The new model lacks the A-TW polarizer (Advanced True Wideangle), lack of which causes a significant off-angle white glow. I found it truly bothersome with a screen of that size - with an image with significant black areas you have to sit and look perfectly on-center to avoid that phenomenon. Very unfortunate cost-savings on the NEC's part. With the original model, you can look at the display from any angle, and it will look perfectly the same - pretty astonishing in fact. Needless to say I promptly returned the new NEC and bought another original (now own two). This is a shame, because otherwise it's truly outstanding monitor. Version 2 has improved controls that make switching between color spaces easier than on the original. The original LCD2690WUXI is no-doubt my favorite piece of equipment I have bought recently. The original deserves 5 stars. If I didn't know what the new monitor is missing, I'd have given it four stars, but since I know I give it two.	Sporting a wide color gamut panel, the 26" BrandXYZ MultiSync LCD2690WUXI2BK equips you with all of the features and benefits ideal for high-end graphics applications. With BrandXYZ's exclusive X-Light Pro backlight/sensor design, brightness and color settings can be held constant over the useful life of the display. ColorComp technology compensates for slight variations in luminance and color uniformity, providing even color across the screen. Ambient light sensor and automatic backlight adjust...
13649	Very good PRO monitor !	I was in the need for a monitor that can be reliably calibrated so that my prints match the screen as close as possible. This monitor does the job. It is very well build and the fact that the calibration information is saved internally in the monitor leaves very small chances to screw things up. Among the PRO monitors it is still probably one of the cheapest and my experience with NEC monitors was great. You can find may reviews of this monitor online so I will not dwell on the technical aspects but I just want to say this: This monitor comes in 2 versions, one with just the monitor and the other with the calibration kit (monitor + sensor + software). The second version is approx. $300 more and harder to find. If you already have a standard Eye One sensor, it will work with it, you just need to buy the SpectraView Software. I think that the sensor that comes with the kit is a standard Eye One sensor with the NEC name on it. Save some money guys....	Sporting a wide color gamut panel, the 26" BrandXYZ MultiSync LCD2690WUXI2BK equips you with all of the features and benefits ideal for high-end graphics applications. With BrandXYZ's exclusive X-Light Pro backlight/sensor design, brightness and color settings can be held constant over the useful life of the display. ColorComp technology compensates for slight variations in luminance and color uniformity, providing even color across the screen. Ambient light sensor and automatic backlight adjust...
13650	Hands down.. the best Pro graphics monitor for the buck.	I have this monitor now for 6 months for intensive graphic design, and PSD work. After much research this is what I concluded would be the best buy for a serious graphics monitor. My hopes were more then satisfied. This monitor has all the traits and features for serious work.. Uniformity compensation is huge benifit in keeping every porition of the screen at even luminosity. The color accuracy with eyeone2 and autocalibration is a godsend. There is absolutely NO drawbacks or quirks I have been able to find... No twinkling or glowing that some ips panels have, perfect uniformity, 12bit lut calibration ability, Deep amount of customization with ione2 software/calibraton- things like setting up white points is great... The 4 year warranty, ... The huge amount of real-estate 26" is perfect dotpitch.. The adobe rgb wide gamut is perfect for serious modern digital photography where the larger gamut is usefull. In every regard This is the perfect monitor.. I am very picky but there is not a single negative, quirk, or issue with this.. it is a serious piece of hardware for graphic designers, photographers that need a serious tool..	Sporting a wide color gamut panel, the 26" BrandXYZ MultiSync LCD2690WUXI2BK equips you with all of the features and benefits ideal for high-end graphics applications. With BrandXYZ's exclusive X-Light Pro backlight/sensor design, brightness and color settings can be held constant over the useful life of the display. ColorComp technology compensates for slight variations in luminance and color uniformity, providing even color across the screen. Ambient light sensor and automatic backlight adjust...
13653	WAP4410 running review	I just installed 2 WAP4410's on a Linksys RVS4000 router and brought them up in a basic configuration just to get the system running. I will be tuning the configuration over the next few weeks and will report the results. Right out of the box, the units worked as advertised with zero hassle. I updated the firmware, changed the admin password, assigned both static IP addresses and resolved the host name to enable roaming which has worked well thus far. I initially enabled SSID broadcast to make it easier to find for setup, but I will eventually disable. So far (anecdotal) the speed seems good, and the APs have had no issues with a mix of a/b/g/n devices. I have no plans to enable PoE, as there are known issues with the link speed dropping to 100mb/s. So far, so good. It has now been a month, and I have enabled a second guest SSID and have configured links with a number different devices (WGA600n gaming adapter for an Xbox360, WET610N for printer with no hassle at all). The performance and range have been excellent. No problems with the VLAN or the QoS functions for streaming. In the final analysis; a little pricey but an excellent product. 5 Stars.	Why string cables across your workspace when clients can connect to your internal network using wireless technology? Formerly Linksys Business Series, now BrandXYZ Small Business Wireless Access Points, the WAP4410N is an 802.11n access point that provides secure, high performance network access. You can now extend your wired network to mobile employees within the workplace to keep them connected and productive.
13654	fairly dependable, fast, wireless AP	Having been fed up with the problems I've had with building my own and buying various AP's, I decided to spend a little bit more and try this one. It's been fairly dependable. I use the "fairly" qualifier, because I have had a an issue or two, but I can't be sure it wasn't a neighbor setting up a new AP on the same channel, or something like that. Otherwise it's been solid in nearly a year of service. I really appreciate that it supports IPv6 out of the box, even in the management interface. It's got a lot more control than a regular consumer AP with things like vlan support and pretending to be multiple AP's with different SSID's, etc. One other thing is that it's more and more difficult to find a decent AP only wireless AP. At the consumer level, they all seem to be wireless routers now. I already have a firewall and only wanted an AP. This fits the bill nicely. One other feature I'm not using now, but may later is PoE.	Why string cables across your workspace when clients can connect to your internal network using wireless technology? Formerly Linksys Business Series, now BrandXYZ Small Business Wireless Access Points, the WAP4410N is an 802.11n access point that provides secure, high performance network access. You can now extend your wired network to mobile employees within the workplace to keep them connected and productive.
13655	Great Business-Class Wireless-N Access Point	I recently purchased two of these Cisco WAP4410N WAPs. The goal was to help my brother-in-law cover his large home with good quality wireless. Based on my experience doing previous WAP installations, my guess was that is would take between three and six WAPs to full cover his large house (which has lots of brick and steel) with good quality coverage. I was impressed that by strategically positioning the units I was able to cover the entire house with only two of these WAPs. The coverage consisted of three floors (one was a finished basement). The setup of these units was simple, the firmware is stable, and configuration was straight=forward. Since they were setup they have worked flawlessly and required no further attention. The only thing a bit unusual (for those used to Netgear, Linksys, etc.) is that you have to setup a Cisco account (no charge just register online) to be able to download firmware, etc. This ended being unnecessary because the firmware in the unit was up-to-date. If you're looking for really good WAPs that support Wireless-N and have lots of configuration options (e.g., Mesh, Multiple SSIDs, etc.) I highly recommend this unit. It has a slightly higher price than other (consumer units) you can buy, but it definitely deserves the "business-class" label that Cisco gives it.	Why string cables across your workspace when clients can connect to your internal network using wireless technology? Formerly Linksys Business Series, now BrandXYZ Small Business Wireless Access Points, the WAP4410N is an 802.11n access point that provides secure, high performance network access. You can now extend your wired network to mobile employees within the workplace to keep them connected and productive.
13656	Great wireless access point	Worked right out of box, after simple setup. It is setup in an office environment with a Microsoft domain. I do recommend this item.	Why string cables across your workspace when clients can connect to your internal network using wireless technology? Formerly Linksys Business Series, now BrandXYZ Small Business Wireless Access Points, the WAP4410N is an 802.11n access point that provides secure, high performance network access. You can now extend your wired network to mobile employees within the workplace to keep them connected and productive.
13657	Junk	It is in need of constant reboot. You would think that Cisco would not put their name on a piece of cr*p like this, but apparently that is not the case. If you Google this product, you will find that this is a common occurrence.	Why string cables across your workspace when clients can connect to your internal network using wireless technology? Formerly Linksys Business Series, now BrandXYZ Small Business Wireless Access Points, the WAP4410N is an 802.11n access point that provides secure, high performance network access. You can now extend your wired network to mobile employees within the workplace to keep them connected and productive.
13676	Works Perfectly!	This external blu-ray player works perfectly! There's not a single hitch to be found. If you have the hardware to support it (visit cyberlink website and take bd advisor test) and want a nice looking and sleek external usb blu-ray player than this is the one to get. Highly recommended!	BrandXYZ's External USB PX-B310U BD Combo Super Multi Drive gives you an all-in-one solution for playing back Blu-ray Discs, while maintaining the capability of archiving data onto CD or DVD. The PX-B310U BD Combo Drive reads BDs at 6x, writes to DVDs at 16x, and writes to CDs at 48x. It comes bundled with Cyberlink's BD Suite for the ultimate in High Definition playback and CD/DVD authoring. With a BrandXYZ drive and Blu-ray, you have a complete entertainment PC.
13677	Great Blu-Ray Drive for both Windows and Mac	There seem to be plenty of (expensive!) BD burners on the market but I have no need for that - I'm looking to *eliminate* disks from my life, not create more! I was simply looking for a good cost-effective external Blu-Ray player. After a great deal of research (PS lots of *internal* units, few external), I went with this unit and have been very happy. It attaches via USB to my Mac Mini which uses BootCamp to run both Mac OS and Windows 7. The Plextor drive is compatible with both environments. Under Windows, I use the included PowerDVD Ultra software for Blu-Ray playback; under MacOS, I use MakeMKV (free!) to backup my Blu-Ray collection to .mkv files which I then catalog and access via the Plex (free!) mediacenter software. Very happy with my setup, I recommend this unit highly. Looks great as well!	BrandXYZ's External USB PX-B310U BD Combo Super Multi Drive gives you an all-in-one solution for playing back Blu-ray Discs, while maintaining the capability of archiving data onto CD or DVD. The PX-B310U BD Combo Drive reads BDs at 6x, writes to DVDs at 16x, and writes to CDs at 48x. It comes bundled with Cyberlink's BD Suite for the ultimate in High Definition playback and CD/DVD authoring. With a BrandXYZ drive and Blu-ray, you have a complete entertainment PC.
13679	Totally garbage, -5 stars	Amazing, the Philips SDV2750/27 is a superb antenna for only $5 more than this one. I always wondered, why a company that can make a great product still bother to make a garbage for few dollars less? If someone knows the answer, please enlighten me.	The SDV2730 amplified indoor antenna is designed to provide reception of both analog and digital broadcasts. The reception elements are optimized for digital broadcasts and ensure great reception of ATSC/HDTV signals over a conventional loop antenna. The 2-way positioning allows you to adjust the antenna to receive the strongest signal vertically or horizontally. Together with the adjustable amplification, the low noise amplification (up to 16db) ensures you of a great reception range and improv...
13680	Crap-tastic	A nice waste of your $30. I have a $10 pair of rabbit ears that picks up better than this piece of garbage. I sat there fiddling with the antennas and the gain control while watching the signal strength meters, and nothing ever seemed to change no matter what I fiddled with. Save your money on this waste.	The SDV2730 amplified indoor antenna is designed to provide reception of both analog and digital broadcasts. The reception elements are optimized for digital broadcasts and ensure great reception of ATSC/HDTV signals over a conventional loop antenna. The 2-way positioning allows you to adjust the antenna to receive the strongest signal vertically or horizontally. Together with the adjustable amplification, the low noise amplification (up to 16db) ensures you of a great reception range and improv...
13681	Cheap, shoddy piece of garbage! Does not work well!	I needed an amplified VHF/UHF antenna for my small HDTV I have in the kitchen. I wanted something better than the cheap, non-amplified 'rabbit ears' unit I had. Upon hooking up the Philips, I quickly discovered that reception was actually WORSE than with the basic 'rabbit ears' antenna! It didn't matter how much I turned the unit or adjusted the telescoping VHF antennas, I just couldn't pull in as many analog and digital channels, and many stations came in worse, or not at all! Moreover, there is no on/off switch on this cheap unit, which wastes electricity AND poses a 'fire hazard' if the unit overheats! Come on Philips... I see this is a new unit that reached the marketplace recently... don't you people have any foresight or intelligence to release a product that actually WORKS??!! STAY AWAY from this useless antenna! I'm returning mine to the store today.	The SDV2730 amplified indoor antenna is designed to provide reception of both analog and digital broadcasts. The reception elements are optimized for digital broadcasts and ensure great reception of ATSC/HDTV signals over a conventional loop antenna. The 2-way positioning allows you to adjust the antenna to receive the strongest signal vertically or horizontally. Together with the adjustable amplification, the low noise amplification (up to 16db) ensures you of a great reception range and improv...
13682	It doesn't work....	Its a cheap product and I got what I paid for. I get NO signal with it.	The SDV2730 amplified indoor antenna is designed to provide reception of both analog and digital broadcasts. The reception elements are optimized for digital broadcasts and ensure great reception of ATSC/HDTV signals over a conventional loop antenna. The 2-way positioning allows you to adjust the antenna to receive the strongest signal vertically or horizontally. Together with the adjustable amplification, the low noise amplification (up to 16db) ensures you of a great reception range and improv...
13683	Diddo all the previous opinions	12/8/09 I picked a $19 Philips unit from [...] and only got a handfull of stations, depending on which direction I pointed the unit, how far apart the extendable antennas were, how high I held the unit in the room, etc. I could bring in different stations based on the previous sentence, sacrificing some for others. However, some local affiliates I could hardly, if at all, bring in, even though they were ranked as being easier to receive according to [...]. So, I figured I would try an amplified unit, again from Philips(SDV2730/27). As previous users stated, no matter how much amplification I tried or which direction I aimed, etc., I saw NO improvment and even found the amplification made the stations I DID receive worse. On top of all this I paid $32 at [...]. At least it is cheaper at Amazon, but even if it were free, total waste of time, period. So, unless you live practically on top of your local station's transmitters, forget it! I live in Brunswick, OH and all major transmitters are less than 20 miles from me. Guess I will just have to plan on an outdoor unit if I decide to keep using over-the-air reception. (recently dropped cable co.) For now I guess I will go get the cheapest vhf/uhf antenna I can.	The SDV2730 amplified indoor antenna is designed to provide reception of both analog and digital broadcasts. The reception elements are optimized for digital broadcasts and ensure great reception of ATSC/HDTV signals over a conventional loop antenna. The 2-way positioning allows you to adjust the antenna to receive the strongest signal vertically or horizontally. Together with the adjustable amplification, the low noise amplification (up to 16db) ensures you of a great reception range and improv...
13685	Works with my Macbook Air and my Netbook	I got this for my Macbook Air, I also needed one for my netbook the Apple Air superdrive doesn't work with windows laptops this one does both, only had it for a few months but it worked every time and fast.	With BrandXYZ's Slim External USB PX-610U DVD drive, your productivity is increased through portability. Supporting 8x write speeds, the PX-610U is the perfect addition to any laptop. Encasing an internal battery solution, the PX-610U requires only a single USB connection for power, data transfers, and disc burning. No longer are you struggling with multiple cables, adapters, or outlets. Truly a self-powered DVD?RW drive, the BrandXYZ PX-610U is the ultimate in portability and performance.
13686	plextor drives are the best	you cant go wrong with plextor there drives are durable and dependable i have had 4 dvd drives over the years in my computers as i build my own computers and needed a new one for a acer netbook i just got the only problem i have is with that crappy roxy software and as long as you use nero and norton ghost to backup your data you will be fine nero and plextor is a great combination and this dvd drive takes it to the next level for portability and right now the price is great for this quality drive	With BrandXYZ's Slim External USB PX-610U DVD drive, your productivity is increased through portability. Supporting 8x write speeds, the PX-610U is the perfect addition to any laptop. Encasing an internal battery solution, the PX-610U requires only a single USB connection for power, data transfers, and disc burning. No longer are you struggling with multiple cables, adapters, or outlets. Truly a self-powered DVD?RW drive, the BrandXYZ PX-610U is the ultimate in portability and performance.
13687	Worth the cost for the right application	I have an Nikon D90. I purchased the 8G San Disc Extreme III card 30MB/S and a Transcend 16G class 6 card at the same time. The San Disc Extreme 3 card is incredibly fast. I get 100 pictures (4.5 frames per second) at fine resolution before the camera stops to buffer in 24 seconds. The Transcend card gets 17 photos on the same settings then pauses to buffer. If you have the camera that can take full advantage of this write speed, this fast card is worth the investment. No more cringing while I wait for my camera to clear its buffer so I can take more pictures. I like to shoot at 4.5 frames. It gives me a lot to pick through when I edit, but a lot can happen in a fraction of a second that can make a photo good or bad. Having the capability to hold down the shutter release and rattle off large bursts of photos is important to me. I know this test is boring but it is a real world use test. I don't work for San Disc and would consider any other card with this write speed. I have found that 8G is a good size for SLR Photography. In my opinion bigger cards are putting a lot of eggs in one basket. If you have any questions or criticism please comment. I'll redo/repost the test if you can think of a way to make it better.	
13688	What you're paying for is the name!	I purchased 3 of these over the 2008 xmas season during their Visa giftcard promotion. I buy 3 and they send me a $70 Visa giftcard, which would theoretically make each card come out to ~$15. Quite a reasonable price for a quality name brand like Sandisk, but I still havent received my Visa giftcard and it's already 2/2009! But I digress. Yes, these cards are great. I haven't had any issues yet and the space is more than what I need. So why the 2 stars??? Well, their advertised speed of 30MB/sec is just hype! I just tested out their read/write speed using a Sandisk ImageMate reader and I can only pull out 14MB/sec write and 20MB/sec read. So where's the rest of my 30?!	
13692	Save paper - works for college as well	I bought this for myself. I was so sick of carrying around huge piles of index cards to study for a test. The crammer is a great remody for this. I have no use for the music player, although I did put on some classical tracks to play while I am studying if I forget my ipod. The games are dumb, and a diversion I wish it didn't have. Adding your own cards is very easy and organizes well. I already have hundreds of them added for each of my four classes. However, each 'side' of the card can only hold 100 words. This is very limiting and I am having to shorten many deffinitions. In future versions I wish that this becomes unlimited with a scroll down feature. The case fits great and hooks to my backpack. The silione case is ok but I don't find it neccessary and the skins are annoying. This is a very usefull tool - which would be even beter if there was more room to write.	Tune up for your tests with the only pocket-sized study system that lets you jam while you cram. Kids can create unlimited digital flashcards to study what they need to know most and download thousands of math, social studies and science quizzes based on leading textbooks. Featuring a powerful flash card creation engine, access to voer 160,000 quiz questions and a fully functional digital music player, the Crammer System is the ultimate answer for studying on the go!. PC requirements: Windows XP...
13693	great for 7-12	help with learning and subjects the child maybe have trouble in. my cousin loves the games and downloading his music.	Tune up for your tests with the only pocket-sized study system that lets you jam while you cram. Kids can create unlimited digital flashcards to study what they need to know most and download thousands of math, social studies and science quizzes based on leading textbooks. Featuring a powerful flash card creation engine, access to voer 160,000 quiz questions and a fully functional digital music player, the Crammer System is the ultimate answer for studying on the go!. PC requirements: Windows XP...
13694	We need more simple learning aids like this ... that work!	I've tried 2 of these and both froze on install. With online troubleshooting as well as included instructions I was unable to get them to function at all. I'd sure love it to work, but am timid to try another time. When I emailed LeapFrog that "I'd be better off with 3x5 flashcards" they replied "what are flashcards?". Perhaps we just need the right company to develop this tool so it works.	Tune up for your tests with the only pocket-sized study system that lets you jam while you cram. Kids can create unlimited digital flashcards to study what they need to know most and download thousands of math, social studies and science quizzes based on leading textbooks. Featuring a powerful flash card creation engine, access to voer 160,000 quiz questions and a fully functional digital music player, the Crammer System is the ultimate answer for studying on the go!. PC requirements: Windows XP...
13695	my best buying experience	This seller has surprised me! I have never faced a buyer who is centered on seller delight. Thanks very much and I'm certain to be a repeat Customer for your business.	Tune up for your tests with the only pocket-sized study system that lets you jam while you cram. Kids can create unlimited digital flashcards to study what they need to know most and download thousands of math, social studies and science quizzes based on leading textbooks. Featuring a powerful flash card creation engine, access to voer 160,000 quiz questions and a fully functional digital music player, the Crammer System is the ultimate answer for studying on the go!. PC requirements: Windows XP...
13780	I have several remotes, this one was the easiest to set up.	I have a couple of Harmony remotes and a couple of other brands. This remote has step by step instructions for setting up devices. Onkyo 804, Panasonic 580U plasma TV, Philips dvd player, Toshiba HD-DVD player, Xbox 360 set up with included database codes. Belkin Pure AV HDMI switch easily learned. PS3 with Nyko PS3 remote has a USB plugin converter which was learned easily. I like the favorites option where you can put in a favorite OTA or cable channel and either set it up to go to that channel when the devices are already on or set up a macro to turn on all the necessary devices to watch that channel. My Harmony remotes keep losing the on/off codes for the Onkyo AV 804 depending on the activity I have set up. This remote seems more "stable" and works 100% of the time. see the review at Remote Central, http://www.remotecentral.com/news/456/urcs_digital_r50_color_lcd_remote_control_reviewed.html	Control up to 18 components with NO internet or PC needed
14106	Nice contrast!	I just purchased this monitor--moving from an older IBM 21 inch CRT monitor and WOW what a difference! Just reclaimed what seemed like 4 square feet of desk space and not to mention the power bill also improved by probably $50 a month! Honestly though--great picture out of the box. Maybe a bit too vivid if I was being picky but I believe most people will love the picture it produces without any adjustments. I decided to breakout my calibration disk that I used on my HDTV so I set the resolution to 1920 x 1080 and then tweaked the contrast, brightness, etc and once done it was fantastic! Blacks are very good for an LCD--but do not expect plasma levels. Very quick refresh rate--I was a bit worried that when I play games that I would see ghosting--Nope. None. When playing HD video on ITunes, it looked very good. I highly recommend the monitor to anyone. The price/value ratio is the best I could find.	16:9 Full HD, HDMI, 2ms and 2Wx2 Build in Speaker
14109	Love It!	I recently upgraded from a 22" Acer monitor and was going to buy a 24" Acer but found this one for less $$. Always trusted Asus with motherboards and now I trust them with monitors! The quality is damn nice, and the 24" is a nice size for gaming and watching movies. I found the black for the monitor could have been a little darker, but in theater mode the black is adequate enough and overall the picture quality is sharp and there are no ghost effects with games (tested on high frames per second games such as Call of Duty: WOW). Bottom Line: Cheap price, great quality!	16:9 Full HD, HDMI, 2ms and 2Wx2 Build in Speaker
13725	More clever & versatile than you might suspect	I bought this bag in black/olive color (632-641). Originally I didn't give it much thought and passed over it since I wanted a bag I could swing around to my waist and you wouldn't think a backpack style bag can do that. Appearances can be deceiving. This bag is designed to swing around for access without having to take it off your shoulder. What appears to be a zipper pouch (in the Amazon photo of the product it's the zipper section on the lower left side of the bag) is actually a door that opens to the interior of the bag. The shoulder strap is designed to be worn over your right shoulder, down across your chest, and buckles to the bag on the lower left side. With this arrangement, if you swing the bag around to your front (without removing it from your shoulder or disconnecting the strap) the entire bag will NOW be positioned in front of you, sideways, and just above waist level. What's more, that zipper door on the 'lower left' side of the bag will now be on 'top' of the bag. This means you have access to your spare lenses, accessories, flash, etc. without actually needing to remove the bag. There is a second smaller strap that connects from the lower right corner of the bag and snaps to a buckle on the front of the shoulder strap - this gives it more stability so it can't slide around if you're hiking. For occasional use it is not necessary to connect the second strap and there's a sleeve on the side of the bag to tuck in the strap when it's not being used (so you don't have a dangling strap). The entire inside appears to be two compartments. One on the top of the bag (which has padded baffles to allow the camera and lens to rest face-down inside the bag), and a lower section with numerous adjustable dividers (velcro). The entire "floor" that separates the top from the bottom is also attached via velcro and can be adjusted to any height, allowing you to apportion space to the top section vs. the bottom section. The full padded back of the bag (the part that would rest against your back) also zippers completely open. It zippers open down the left, bottom, and right sides of the bag. Everything on the inside is adjustable. All baffles, dividers, and floor sections are connected using velcro and can be repositioned. The right-side of the bag (not visible in the Amazon product picture) has a pair of adjustable straps intended to attach a small tripod or mono-pod. There is also a non-adjustable strap on the bottom of the bag which could be used to attach or hang an extra accessory. Tenba "Shootout" series bags are designed for outdoor use with exposure to weather. The zippers are all designed to be fairly weather-tight. Every zipper has a vinyl seal so the teeth are not exposed when the zippers are closed. The bag is not "waterproof" but is "water-resistant" and would have no problem with medium rain or spray. The bag also comes with a rain slick which covers every side of the bag *except* the back-pad -- this is suitable for protection if you're caught in more severe weather. I think this bag has better quality than just about any of the other bags I looked at. I only gave it four stars (instead of 5) because some of the areas of this bag were just a little too small. My camera outfit includes a camera body with an 18-55mm zoom, a 55-250mm zoom, a 60mm macro lens, a dedicated flash, diffuser, a large battery shoe (mates to bottom of the DSLR), as well as some smaller items such as filters, remote shutter release, spare batteries & charger . Capacity-wise the bag is large enough. But organizationally, the whole point of the bag is to allow me to switch lenses, get to my flash, etc. without having to take the bag off my back. It took a while to find any arrangement of the adjustable compartments that would allow everything to fit in the bag, but I had to sacrifice accessibility and take the bag off my back in order to access what I needed. The dividers in the lower section seem designed with the assumption that you'll open the full back to get inside the bag. If positioned to allow access from the side door the dividers are a bit too tall and it was difficult to get various accessories in and out of the bag easily (it would have helped if the side door was a bit larger). If the camera (I used a Canon EOS Rebel T1i) is in the top section pointed down (which is how they intend for it to be stored) the floor dividing the upper and lower sections needed to be repositioned because the 18-55mm lens (which isn't particularly long) was too tall. Repositioning the floor took away so much space from the lower section that my gear really didn't fit anymore, and created a lot of wasted space in the top (of course this is a matter of how much gear you have -- on the positive side you could fit a camera with a very very long lens inside the bag if you wanted. I love the product construction quality (it's not flimsy) and the cleverness of the design, but I think the baffles & dividers need to be made for better accessibility from the side door (which is the whole point of the bag). I think this bag would be ideal for someone with fewer accessories & lenses. Tenba makes a 'medium' size version of this same bag which I haven't tried yet, but I do plan to check it out and see if it works a little better. Tenba has a video tour of the bag on their own website for better views and demonstrates how to wear and use the sling bag.	Capacity: 1-2 SLRs, 3-4 lenses, flash and accessories. SLR with mounted 300mm telephoto lens (in long lens configuration).The Sling is a single-strap, quick access bag that swings around for fast shooting without removing the pack. BrandXYZ's exclusive design converts to a lightweight long-lens bag for top-loading your mounted super telephoto lens (up to 300mm f/2.8). A full access back panel opens the main compartment completely, to allow easy setup and cleaning. Think of it as a backpack witho...
13768	95% perfect!	I love this remote! The construction and quality are far better than my Logitech / Harmony, and the button size / location is more user friendly. Programming is a breeze, and I don't have to boot up my computer / go online when I want to make a simple change. (Boy am I sick of "internet gizmos.") Also, the URC-R50 uses standard batteries instead of a stupid charging cradle I'd have to keep in an inconvenient location. (Like some expensive remotes.)	Control up to 18 components with NO internet or PC needed
13772	Own it Love it	I purchased this item as a last ditch effort on universal remotes. Let me just say that after owning the Kemeleon, Logitech, etc, this unit is by far 100% better then all the rest. And it just works! I would highly recommend this remote to anyone that needs to replace their remote.	Control up to 18 components with NO internet or PC needed
13776	Universal Remote Control URC-R50	This is a great product and very easy to use. I highly recommend it.	Control up to 18 components with NO internet or PC needed
13729	Works as advertised... as long as you are on the same circuit breaker...	I purchased this item in November and it works as promised - plug one into one outlet, and another into another outlet, wait a few seconds, and then connect your ethernet cable to each one and you're up and running in no time. No software to install, no crazy configurations, it's as easy as pie. Now for the caveat - if you're getting this, make sure that both outlets are connected to the same power subpanel in your building. I own a hotel and originally bought these to extend the range of our wireless network - I wanted to add another wireless access point at the other outlet. However, since each of my guest rooms has a separate breaker panel, this will not work between guest rooms in my hotel. At my house - I live in a high rise - this works fine from one end of the house to the other... and works very well. But I tested this between a neighbor's condo and my condo, and since they're on separate circuit breaker panels, it wouldn't work between the two units. So, long story short: works great in a house, or large apartment, or anywhere that both outlets are under the same circuit breaker panel....	Amazon.com Product Description The BrandXYZ HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit turns any electrical power outlet in your house into a network connection. And with its unique pass-thru design, it will allow you to plug another household appliance into the same outlet. If you're looking for a fast, easy way to provide Ethernet connectivity to the farthest reaches of your home without sacrificing the use of your electrical outlets, then this adapter kit is the perfect solution. .caption...
14127	ASUS VW246H 24" LCD Monitor	Easy to set up, great picture, very flexible, and you can't beat the price! I'm using this as a 2nd monitor with the ASUS VK246H 24" LCD Monitor. I use a Dell docking station with a Dell Precision M6400 laptop using DVI connections. I also have a Dell Dimension 5100C (PC workstation) connected separately with a VGA connection (all wiring included). I can switch screens back and forth at the touch of a button (easily going from work to play)! The picture has only become fuzzy 3-4 times in the past month, always when I'm using both screens and trying to access or run a GoToMeeting. This may be an issue with the GoToMeeting software (or my Dell docking station), and not the monitors. A restart has cleared the picture every time. Other than that, I have been extremely pleased with the monitor!	16:9 Full HD, HDMI, 2ms and 2Wx2 Build in Speaker
14130	Awesome Monitor!	This monitor is amazing! So crisp and clean! The look is very sleek! The built in speakers aren't that great BUT with some personal tweaking you can make them ok plus I didn't buy it for the speakers. This is a great monitor and the price is perfect, you won't find it for less.	16:9 Full HD, HDMI, 2ms and 2Wx2 Build in Speaker
14132	excellent price	Searched for a lower price with the same features, none found. Excellent clear screen, installed and adjusted in seconds. Connected using a DVI cable. Able to run three programs on screen,(same time), without the need of a magnifying glass. I use this with a general on line unit set up for internet and video viewing.	16:9 Full HD, HDMI, 2ms and 2Wx2 Build in Speaker
13730	Home networking couldn't be easier, or more unreliable!	First off I'm an IT professional so I'm very critical of networking gear. These powerline adapters worked exactly as advertised. No configuration was necessary, just plug them in and they work. I gave only 4 stars because the link speed is not what I hoped for. I have 3 devices in my house and only one is running at full speed, I'm sure it is because of my 25 year old wiring but 1 one of the devices is running at slower speeds than 802.11g wireless. Another reason is the price, I think they are charging about double what they are worth, but that's my opinion of course. Dec. 28, 2008 I would lower the rating to 1 star if I could. I was a bit hasty in reviewing this item. I eventually had to return it. The powerline devices started acting up after a week or so. The speeds got even lower and they completely locked up a few times. I had to remove them from the power plugs just to get them to work again. This started to happen on a regular basis, so I just got fed up and returned them.	Amazon.com Product Description The BrandXYZ HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit turns any electrical power outlet in your house into a network connection. And with its unique pass-thru design, it will allow you to plug another household appliance into the same outlet. If you're looking for a fast, easy way to provide Ethernet connectivity to the farthest reaches of your home without sacrificing the use of your electrical outlets, then this adapter kit is the perfect solution. .caption...
14897	Awesome	Unbeatable price on the net. Great product, feels much better than OEM. Great seller, shipped monday from NY received Wednesday in great condition, great packaging too. Really have no complaints. My kind of shopping experience, priced well below any deal I could find on the net, great service and shipping, great product. Nothing really left to complain about. Will shop again.	[Name] Battery For IBM Lenovo 3000 N100 Series Lenovo C200 3000 series [Fit model] IBM Lenovo 3000 N100 Series Lenovo C200 3000 series [Replace] FRU 42T4514 [Voltage(V)] 10.8 [Capacity(mAh)] 6600 [Cell] 9 [N.W(g)] 475g [Color] Silver [Type] Li-ion Replacement For: FRU 42T4514, FRU 42T4516, FRU 42T5212, FRU 42T5256, FRU 92P1184, ASM 42T5213, FRU 92P1186, ASM 92P1185, 40Y8315, 40Y8322 Fit Machine Models: 3000 N100 0768, 3000 C200 8922, 3000 N200, Lenovo 3000 N200, 3000 N100 0689, 3000 N100 Series,...
14900	Great	This is the Gopro Surf Hero on the nose of my 6'4" Fish. It was easy to attach to my board, easy to video and easy to edit. The camera does eat batteries.	The Surf HERO is a quick release board-mountable mini digital camera. Shoot 56 minutes of video with sound or 5 megapixel photos automatically for over an hour while you surf. Waterproof to 100 ft. Also comes with oversized stick-on mount for extreme surfing, kayakying etc. Mega holding power. Included are a stick-on baseplate and FCS compatible plug mounting system. Both systems allow the camera to be quickly attached and removed from your surfboard.
13731	Fits the Need	Since I have a Samsung blu-ray player, I have the ability to download Netflix instant streaming of movies. However, the broadband connection needed through my computer is in a different room. How to solve the issue? After a lot of research, the Netgear HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit was the perfect way to set up my system. I have one of these neat adapters plugged into the wall near my computer (connected through the broadband router); then the other adapter is plugged into a wall near and connected to the blu-ray player. Wow! The adapters "talk" to each other and I can instantly stream movies to my TV from Netflix. Issue solved!	Amazon.com Product Description The BrandXYZ HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit turns any electrical power outlet in your house into a network connection. And with its unique pass-thru design, it will allow you to plug another household appliance into the same outlet. If you're looking for a fast, easy way to provide Ethernet connectivity to the farthest reaches of your home without sacrificing the use of your electrical outlets, then this adapter kit is the perfect solution. .caption...
14942	not what i expected	I received the case and was disappointed in the color. Its more maroon than berry. Also, if your trying to accomodate a 17" laptop its a tight squeeze. (but it works) I like Built NY but am irritated by the lack of accomodation of 17" laptops in their product line.	Built's Wide Laptop Portfolio is sleek and elegant. It will accommodate most 15.4-Inch notebooks. It streamlines the transport of your laptop. It?s composed of extra-thick durable neoprene, which will provide maximum protection for your notebook. With its unique bone shape, it conforms to the size of your computer and creates an instant, built-in bumper system for extra protection. It features BrandXYZ?s exclusive Shark Gill Grips, on the sides, for sure and secure gripping and handling. Carry u...
15295	great camera..	This Kodak dig. is as good as you are at taking pics. It gives you some lee way to make choices, but if you don't have camera sense don't blame the camera. If you want to take pictures in the dark thats always risky, a camera that allows some choices usually takes hits because some make poor choices.. as they say, it ain't rocket science.. I have a few other digital brands which I won't name and this one is real fun, if your Kodak moment is in the dark, well mine are usually somewhat lit.. If you got a shaky hand with x 5 Zoom, don't be surprised if the result is blurred.. with any of these less exspensive cameras. When I put the resulting picture on paper.. colors are vivid, sharp and pro looking... inside pictures are naturally not as good as sun lit pictures by about 10 percent. shooting in the dark has eluded me because I can't see in the dark (:>)	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M380 digital camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style - and with BrandXYZ's innovative smart capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.The M380 is part of the BrandXYZ EASYSHARE system, so sharing your pictures is amazingly simple. Just press share.
15296	Excellent "Grab It and Run" Camera	Some of the people who gave this camera a negative review should learn a little more about electronic devices, particularly digital cameras, before they start complaining. Giving a camera like this to a child, any child, is just asking for trouble. My 21 year old daughter is hard on cameras. This camera wasn't manufactured to "Military Specifications" and will often break when dropped or otherwise mishandled. If you are using a memory card from another camera, you need to format it in your new camera, before trying to use it. You should also be aware that memory cards do fail. Don't buy the cheapest one you can find. I bought this little camera for my wife, who likes to take "snapshots." It is very easy to use, takes very nice pictures (no, not as good as my Canon 50D, but what do you expect?), and is reasonably well built. She loves it!	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M380 digital camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style - and with BrandXYZ's innovative smart capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.The M380 is part of the BrandXYZ EASYSHARE system, so sharing your pictures is amazingly simple. Just press share.
13732	The Best Kept Secret of Networking!	I've had these things for over about 3 months now. I networked my cable modem and router in the living room to my computer in the garage. The house is about 7 years' old, just so you get an idea. Pros: - Ubiquitous. I don't even know I'm using them. My Bit Torrent rates are exactly the same as when I had my computer directly connected to the router. I'm also streaming video and audio from the garage to the living room. I might have had a couple of disconnects (video streams suddenly stop, etc.), but I would start the video right back up again and it would resume right where it left off. If this were wireless, I would have to either wait an extremely long time for it to connect again, maybe reset the wireless device, reset the computer, hop on one foot, etc. But these Powerline device reconnect quickly for those very few occasions that it does disconnect. VERY stable! - The pass-thru is great and saves a plug. It's also recommended to use the pass-thru in order to minimize interference. - Setting up the encryption was pretty easy and required NO software whatsoever. Considering I'm not using Windows, that was a major plus in my book. Cons: - Expensive. Even the older Powerline network adapters that just go 14mbit/sec are still pretty expensive for what they do. Routers, switches, cable modems, etc., have all gone down in price except for these devices. However, they certainly are more stable and work a lot better than the wireless devices I have used in the past. - Setting up encryption is a little tricky. You have to press the security button on one and run over to the other one to press the other one within 30 seconds. It took me a couple of tries, but once it's set, you never have to worry about it again. Bottom Line: These are perfect for connecting desktops, media servers, etc. Don't even bother using wireless for streaming video or audio, you'll just tear your hair out like me. They're not cheap, but definitely worth it!	Amazon.com Product Description The BrandXYZ HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit turns any electrical power outlet in your house into a network connection. And with its unique pass-thru design, it will allow you to plug another household appliance into the same outlet. If you're looking for a fast, easy way to provide Ethernet connectivity to the farthest reaches of your home without sacrificing the use of your electrical outlets, then this adapter kit is the perfect solution. .caption...
15304	Software/Hardware Problems	We were half way to Washington D.C. for our family vacation when we realized that someone forgot the camera. So we stopped in at the first Walmart we saw and did some quick comparisons and made a purchase of the Kodak M380. It had a good feature set, including 10 Mpixels and a 5x optical zoom. I took a few pictures with it to make sure it was OK and then put in a 4GB SD card. When I then powered it up, it locked up and made a soft buzzing sound. The only way I could get it working again was to pop out the battery and put it back in. (I've used the SD card before, in another camera (the one left behind), so I know the SD card is OK.) I thought maybe this was a one-time glitch, so I kept the camera. After half a day taking pictures in D.C., it happened again. And then at night, when the card was almost full, the camera again stopped responding, this time with a slightly different lock-up. Even if it was the SD card, the camera should be able to protect itself against a bad card. Looks like I'll be stopping by that Walmart in the way home....	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M380 digital camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style - and with BrandXYZ's innovative smart capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.The M380 is part of the BrandXYZ EASYSHARE system, so sharing your pictures is amazingly simple. Just press share.
15307	Anti Blur, nahhh	I just got the camera in today and I was testing it out. It is worst than my 5.0 megapixel camera which is 3 years old. The anti blur does nothing, in fact it actually makes some pictures worse than before. I am going to give the camera one more day before I return it and probably get a sony. Do not get this camera, I was fooled by how cheap it is, and you get what you paid for.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M380 digital camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style - and with BrandXYZ's innovative smart capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.The M380 is part of the BrandXYZ EASYSHARE system, so sharing your pictures is amazingly simple. Just press share.
13734	Works for me	Bought this a week ago. Came home, took it out of the box. Plugged it in to the power outlet near my router. Plugged in the network cable from router. Hooked up the other one to my DVR. No messing with my router configuration. Worked right out of the box. Was downloading on demand movies... The download to the DVR for a 25 minute show took 15 to 20 minutes. Thought that was a long time... Next day I hooked it up to my computer in the same room with the router. I tested my internet speed before and after I hooked it up. 1.3 both times. Moved it upstairs to my kid's computer. Tested their wireless internet speed (347kb) and then after hooking up the Netgear Powerline it was 1.3. So there was no difference between downstairs and upstairs. Our house is almost 10 years old. I was concerned that their might be an issue between power outlets. I've seen some reviews where people had issues with this. I have to say I am very happy with this product. May not work for everyone but I would say give it a try. If it doesn't work on your home power system then take it back. But is better than wireless...	Amazon.com Product Description The BrandXYZ HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit turns any electrical power outlet in your house into a network connection. And with its unique pass-thru design, it will allow you to plug another household appliance into the same outlet. If you're looking for a fast, easy way to provide Ethernet connectivity to the farthest reaches of your home without sacrificing the use of your electrical outlets, then this adapter kit is the perfect solution. .caption...
15313	MY SAY	I'VE ALWAYS OWNED KODAK CAMERA ... WELL, FOR THE KODAK M380 I EXPECTED MORE I THOUGHT THE PIC QUALITY WOULD HAVE BEEN REALLY REALLY GOOD BUT IT'S JUST OKAY NOTHING TO SAY WOW! ABOUT. I HAD AN OLD C VERSION AND THE QUALITY IS MORE CLEAR AND ALSO, WHE U TURN ON THE CAMERA TO TAKE A PIC THE SCREEN LOOKS WEIRD WITH SOME GRAINS THIS MAKES ME MAD CUZ I HATE SEEING THE GRAINS HOWEVER, WHEN YOU DO TAKE THE PIC IT HAS NO GRAIN SO I SAY IT'S OK . MY FRIEND HAD A NIKON COOLPICK S220 AND THE QUAILTY ON THE NIKON SUCKS .... I WOULD NEVER EVER TELL SOMEONE TO BUY THAT... SO THE KOAK M 380 HAS A NICE WIDE SCREEN WHICH IS A PLUS IT'S EASY TO USE AND THE (TEAL) WHICH I OWN IS QUITE NICE. IT'S SLIM SO I HAVE COME A FAR WAY BECUZ THE C VERSION I WAS USING IS SOOO BULKY AND HEAVY. I SAY BUY THIS IF YOU LIKE A NICE WIDE SCREEN CHOOSE THE TEAL TO STAND OUT NOT MANY PEOPLE HAS THAT COLOUR.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M380 digital camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style - and with BrandXYZ's innovative smart capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.The M380 is part of the BrandXYZ EASYSHARE system, so sharing your pictures is amazingly simple. Just press share.
18416	Doesn't keep accurate clock time...	I've had this for a couple of months and it won't keep the correct time... I reset and check a day or two later and the clock is several hours off. So I can't use the timer function to program it to record from the TV, I have to record manually. Cost way too much to be this cheaply made. Bummer...	Dual Deck recorder with ATSC digital tuner. Record home movies on to DVD from Tape. HDMI up conversion out put for HD type picture quality on DVD
18421	maganavox dvd vcr combo recorder	i do have 3 of the dvd's and vcr's recorders, 2 are connected up to tv's and 1 already have been used to record my old vhs tapes to dvd's and dvd's to tapes. also the anolag and digital tuner is gret to record on. i don't have to use a dvr to record and be charge a monthly fee.	Dual Deck recorder with ATSC digital tuner. Record home movies on to DVD from Tape. HDMI up conversion out put for HD type picture quality on DVD
18423	Defective no parts available	I bought this same item from another company. The remote did not work. Tech support referred me to customer service. I was on hold an extended time with LOUD BLARING MUSIC. I was told remote was not in stock and I should call back. After several attempts a rep finally took the details and called me a week or so later when the remote was available.	Dual Deck recorder with ATSC digital tuner. Record home movies on to DVD from Tape. HDMI up conversion out put for HD type picture quality on DVD
18424	magnavox ZV457MG9	I dubbed a vhs clip to a dvd but it won't play in any other dvd player. I guess i have to finalize this dupe, but I'm having problems. Any suggestions?	Dual Deck recorder with ATSC digital tuner. Record home movies on to DVD from Tape. HDMI up conversion out put for HD type picture quality on DVD
13735	Plug and play and pricey	I am in a recently renovated apartment and the product works fine. I use the Powerline HD Adapter Kit on my PS3 and Xbox 360. I could use wireless on my PS3, but it is too far away from my wireless router to get the signal I need for online gaming. So I just switch the ethernet cord between the two consoles. The speeds are excellent. Setup is simple except for the part where you have to run quickly from one room to another to sync both devices together. I was originally worried that I would have to put in yet another password when configuring the devices, but that was not necessary. I like having the passthrough plug, which I use for a couple of lamps near the adapters. I believe the manual encourages you to use these plugs anyway. A nice purchase. Maybe too expensive.	Amazon.com Product Description The BrandXYZ HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit turns any electrical power outlet in your house into a network connection. And with its unique pass-thru design, it will allow you to plug another household appliance into the same outlet. If you're looking for a fast, easy way to provide Ethernet connectivity to the farthest reaches of your home without sacrificing the use of your electrical outlets, then this adapter kit is the perfect solution. .caption...
18779	Pretty but not functional	I bought an HDS5 because it was loaded with features. However, I immediately had problems with the sonar. It would freeze up and/or display nonsense vertical bars of color. It also turned itself on and off spontaneously, draining the battery when the boat was garaged. I figured that the odds of this happening again were slim, so I exchanged it for another unit and had the same freezing/vertical bar problem. The customer service guy explained that the model can do that sometimes in shallow water, but (a) I want my fishfinder to work in shallow water; and (b) it would fail to return to normal function even if I was in water I knew to be 40 feet deep. Don't be tempted by the gee-whiz features of the HDS5, get a Humminbird or something instead.	HDS5 Base US 83/200 kHz Fishfinder
18780	Good sonar, poor GPS chartplotter	I used my combo unit guiding for bass and walleye this past summer. The sonar is better than my Humminbird 787 except there is no fish alarm on the HDS unit for some reason. I miss that feature and don't know why Lowrance omitted it given all the other alarms the unit sports. Identifying fish is easy and the color systems are well designed. But when I switch to the chart screen, I am disappointed. The built-in Lowrance charts use blue depth contour lines on light blue backgrounds...not a good color contrast scheme and there is no way to darken the depth contours or change colors as confirmed by Lowrance tech support. I have a harder time seeing structure compared to the Humminbird unit that uses black for depth contours. When I use Navionics charts in the HDS things are not any easier to interpret. Again, there should be better color contrast between depth contours and backgrounds. I am probably going to add a Humminbird unit that can be used as a stand alone chartplotter and leave the HDS for fish finding only. If I had to do it over again I would opt for Humminbird all the way. Costly mistake!	HDS5 Base US 83/200 kHz Fishfinder
18781	Disappointed	This was the most disappointing purchase ever. The menu is not acessible unless you power down the mp3 and start all over again. That was annoying. The hardware was of poor quality. The power guage popped right off the contraption. So now there was no way to shut the thing off. Needless to say I sent that piece of junk right back.	BrandXYZ MP836-4G MP3 Player with 3-inch Color LCD, 4GB Flash Memory with FM and Touch Screen Control, supports MP3, WMA, OGG, AVI, WMV, MP4, ASF, JPEG, BMP, GIF, and TXT, black
18782	Was a No Show	I bought this locally at a discount store; got it home, read the instructions. Per the instructions I charged it for 8 hours. Then I pressed the power button and ... nothing. Again and again I pressed the buttion and nothing. I brought it back and got the 4 GB touchpad player with video and FM radio; it works like a charm. Too bad Coby is so consistently inconsistent in its quality. Every Sony I ever bought (tv, radio, tape player, cd player, mp3 player, etc) worked as promised right out of the box. Not so for Coby.	BrandXYZ MP836-4G MP3 Player with 3-inch Color LCD, 4GB Flash Memory with FM and Touch Screen Control, supports MP3, WMA, OGG, AVI, WMV, MP4, ASF, JPEG, BMP, GIF, and TXT, black
13738	Netgear HDXB111	Review Netgear HDXB111 Powerline HDS Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit. In my family I have two adult daughters who come and visit for holidays and at other times. Their laptops are standard baggage. Addditionally we have two desktops and a laptop. The Netgear HDXB111's work perfectly with five computers in use at the same time. Great piece of equipment. The wiring in my house has been partially rewired from the orginal 1954 wiring.	Amazon.com Product Description The BrandXYZ HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit turns any electrical power outlet in your house into a network connection. And with its unique pass-thru design, it will allow you to plug another household appliance into the same outlet. If you're looking for a fast, easy way to provide Ethernet connectivity to the farthest reaches of your home without sacrificing the use of your electrical outlets, then this adapter kit is the perfect solution. .caption...
13740	No wires.	This is a great idea. No wires, no fuss. I plan to buy several more amd expand my network. This beats my wireless network hands down.	Amazon.com Product Description The BrandXYZ HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit turns any electrical power outlet in your house into a network connection. And with its unique pass-thru design, it will allow you to plug another household appliance into the same outlet. If you're looking for a fast, easy way to provide Ethernet connectivity to the farthest reaches of your home without sacrificing the use of your electrical outlets, then this adapter kit is the perfect solution. .caption...
13741	Just Bought It, Hope I Don't Eat My Words	Just bought the Netgear HDXB11 and so far it is working great. I work out of a small building behind our house and networking has been the biggest drawback. First the ehternet cable was pinched when it was installed so that didn't work. Then I tried numerous wireless routers and they offered only poor connections. I was considering getting a seperate DSL account with AT&T for the outbuilding when I discovered this product. Installation took a couple of minutes and the speeds are excellent. If things change I will update this review (wish that we could update our ratings, Amazon), but I am really happy right now.	Amazon.com Product Description The BrandXYZ HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit turns any electrical power outlet in your house into a network connection. And with its unique pass-thru design, it will allow you to plug another household appliance into the same outlet. If you're looking for a fast, easy way to provide Ethernet connectivity to the farthest reaches of your home without sacrificing the use of your electrical outlets, then this adapter kit is the perfect solution. .caption...
15453	Heaven Sent HeatSink!!!	OMG! I can't OC my Phenom from 3.0ghz to 3.8ghz with the stock cpu cooler without reaching 75'C-80'C (its true!)Then I bought this thing and added Arctic Silver 5 as my thermal paste. WHHHOOOAAA!!! Im 3.8ghz now with 57'C-60'C at 100% stress test. Isn't that lovely! Guys Highly recommended for the oc's, it work for me!	Does not generate noise or vibration in silent mode100% copper heatsink with aerodynamically optimized "tunnel" design for maximum cooling efficiencyPatented heatpipe design for cooling performance of up to 6 heatpipesUltra-thin fins for minimized weight and significantly reduced airflow resistanceUltra quiet PWM LED fan for automatic fan speed control according to the CPU's temperature
15454	Beware	Beware if you have an 1156 motherboard. The fan is not compatible with the motherboard. You need an adapter, which I have been unable to locate. Zalman indicated the adapters are available, but I have been unable to locate them. Zalman does not tell you about needing the adapter	Does not generate noise or vibration in silent mode100% copper heatsink with aerodynamically optimized "tunnel" design for maximum cooling efficiencyPatented heatpipe design for cooling performance of up to 6 heatpipesUltra-thin fins for minimized weight and significantly reduced airflow resistanceUltra quiet PWM LED fan for automatic fan speed control according to the CPU's temperature
15455	Frickin' Shweet	Wow, this is awesome. It's brought my idling temp down from about 45?C to around 30?C, and the temp when playing games hasn't gotten more than around 45?C. I do have a case with very good airflow however. Speaking of cases, if you don't have a big one, then try a smaller one of Zalman's coolers. This thing is preeeeeeeettyyy big. I love this thing; it keeps everything super cool and it has a blue LED :D. I would definitely recommend this cooler. Zalman FTW	Does not generate noise or vibration in silent mode100% copper heatsink with aerodynamically optimized "tunnel" design for maximum cooling efficiencyPatented heatpipe design for cooling performance of up to 6 heatpipesUltra-thin fins for minimized weight and significantly reduced airflow resistanceUltra quiet PWM LED fan for automatic fan speed control according to the CPU's temperature
15456	top of the line	Great fan, not loud at all. you will need a full size case to put this in. I recommend this product.	Does not generate noise or vibration in silent mode100% copper heatsink with aerodynamically optimized "tunnel" design for maximum cooling efficiencyPatented heatpipe design for cooling performance of up to 6 heatpipesUltra-thin fins for minimized weight and significantly reduced airflow resistanceUltra quiet PWM LED fan for automatic fan speed control according to the CPU's temperature
15457	Cool Copper Cooler	It's a great cooler. Keeps my CPU at around 35C. I just had a slight challenge with installation. I had to buy a separate base from Zalman. The base provided did not fit the EVGA motherboard well because one of the capacitors on board was going to be squashed by the base, if forced. I therefore filed it before insertion. It's working great so far.	Does not generate noise or vibration in silent mode100% copper heatsink with aerodynamically optimized "tunnel" design for maximum cooling efficiencyPatented heatpipe design for cooling performance of up to 6 heatpipesUltra-thin fins for minimized weight and significantly reduced airflow resistanceUltra quiet PWM LED fan for automatic fan speed control according to the CPU's temperature
13745	Wrong thechnology	The whole concept of power line communications is flawed. This thing generates so much interference that made radio reception really impossible. I switched back to Wireless.	Amazon.com Product Description The BrandXYZ HDXB111 Powerline HD Plus Ethernet Adapter Kit turns any electrical power outlet in your house into a network connection. And with its unique pass-thru design, it will allow you to plug another household appliance into the same outlet. If you're looking for a fast, easy way to provide Ethernet connectivity to the farthest reaches of your home without sacrificing the use of your electrical outlets, then this adapter kit is the perfect solution. .caption...
13747	Universal remote	I ended up buying a HD-TV and a new DVD-VHS for the family and set them up just before Christmas. Ended up with 4 remotes just to watch TV in the the evening. I did some background research and found this new remote from Universal Remote that seemed to fit the bill to consolidate all the remotes. there are not many instructions included in the package but it stated the instructions were built into the remote. I was able to set up all 4 remotes into this one within less than 1 hour and I am not experienced in this. The TV code was the first one the "computer" selected in the remote and with some testing it worked fine. The Cox cable box remote worked fine and was able to verify that it worked in getting the "pay per view movies" channel. The TIVO (TM) was also preprogrammed into the remote and had built in all the buttons the same as in the TIVO remote. Impressive. The DVD-VHS remote was also coded correctly and works fine. Each selection of a code the remote provides instruction of how you can test the individual equipment to make sure it has the right code before proceeding. The one negative is that I tried to program a macro but was not able to do it from the instructions included or those provided in the remote. I knew all the steps I wanted but could not get from one devise to another while programming the remote. I may call the help line when I get a chance. The button layout to me is fine. With the small screen, and so many other touch screen found in electronics, I am tempted to touch the screen rather than the adjacent button. I'm sure that will be in the next generation. Impressive and it did work. I'm not an electronic geek so can't compare to other remotes.	Control up to 18 components with NO internet or PC needed
15447	Picture quality needs improvement	The camera is small and fits into easily into my front pockets, however the picture quality needs major improvement. PROS: - Size (small and compact) - Decent Videos CONS: - picture Quality (even with Best Shot/Manual/Fine settings) - Weak zoom - Build quality (Weak and plastic feel to the camera)	The EXILIM EX-S12 is the perfect combination of design and technology in an ultra-slim format. The camera, which is as slim as it is elegant, is equipped with amazing functions, such as the EXILIM engine 4.0, 12.1-megapixels, an extremely bright and high-contrast 6.9-cm wide-screen TFT display (super clear LCD), HD video recording and 3x optical zoom.
15449	Truly Horrible Camera	First off, my previous camera was a Casio Exilim EX-Z1000 and it was excellent, I never had a single problem. This camera is the complete opposite. I bought my first, which came defective and would never focus. I returned it and got a replacement, which had the same problem. It made a loud clicking noise, clearly something wrong, but would rarely focus correctly. I even took it to a professional camera store, and they without hesitation said it was defective. Of the few pictures it actually focused on, the quality was less than perfect. My EX-Z1000 (over two years old) continued to take better pictures. Casio's once quality line-up of cameras is no more. Don't waste your money. Sony's DSC-W290, which is nearly identical in specs to this, and has the same price is the better choice.	The EXILIM EX-S12 is the perfect combination of design and technology in an ultra-slim format. The camera, which is as slim as it is elegant, is equipped with amazing functions, such as the EXILIM engine 4.0, 12.1-megapixels, an extremely bright and high-contrast 6.9-cm wide-screen TFT display (super clear LCD), HD video recording and 3x optical zoom.
13749	Great Remote, but no user's manual	Physical Quality: Excellent - the weight, feel, and balance, all make this a great remote. I purchased the R50 remote by Universal because I already own the R5 remote that they used to make and I was very pleased with the value of that remote. I purchased a new HD TV and a new Home Theater system and wanted to make it easier for my other family members to work the equipment. The R50 is advertised as a remote that would do what I wanted. I was a little concerned (as were others I talked to) when the remote came with no User's Manual. All you get is a "Quick Start Guide", which is nothing better than a sales brochure. I guessed that they assumed the On-Screen Display (OSD) help would suffice. So I forged ahead. I was able to set up my brand new Vizio TV using the pre-defined codes in the remote. But when I tried to add my older Toshiba DVD-R (DVD Recorder), the code wasn't available. This is why I like the Universal brand of remotes. They can learn. So I decided to use the learning mode to add this device. The learning screens are not very intuitive. This is where a user's manual would come in handy. It's not that the learning mode doesn't work. It's just that it takes a lot of trial and error to figure out what you're doing and how to navigate the screens correctly. I'm very good with technical things, but this was confusing at first. I eventually figured out how to work the screens, but I can only imagine how difficult it would be for anyone that claims to have no techincal skills. Now that I know how they've set up their screens, navigation is very simple. But some examples in a manual would go a long way in letting a new user know what to expect, screen by screen. Also, there are always features of any device that are less obvious, but provide great help and enjoyment to the user. Who of us know all the features that Microsoft Excel provides. We'd never know many of the features if someone didn't tell us about it or we didn't read about the feature in a book somewhere. Now I have a remote that does the few things I want it to do, but because there is no user's manual, I have no idea what other features it could possibly provide me if I were aware those features exist. And now that I have my remote working, I don't want to search for those features or use it to practice. The only complaint I have about this remote is the lack of a User's Manual! If they didn't want to pay the price to have User's Manuals printed, they could have at least provided a User's Manual (or a book of samples of setup routines) on their web site as a PDF file. All in all, this remote does as it claims. I'm happy I bought this remote over the X10 Icon Remote, as it was not going to do what I wanted. This remote would have gotten my very highest score if it had only come with better instructions. If you're not real good with technical things, then I suggest you purchase this product from a Brick and Mortar store rather than on the web. Because if this remote doesn't have the codes for your equipment, you may want to take it back. But it is worth buying. Probably the best value out there in universal remotes. If your needs for a universal remote are very simple, try the R6 by Universal. For under $20 (at Best Buy), you get a very good remote that works great.	Control up to 18 components with NO internet or PC needed
13751	Good but no clock display	Note that unlike the picture at Amazon and at Univeral Remote's website this remote DOES NOT have a time-of-day / clock display on the LCD. Not a big deal unless you were expecting one based on the picture. Otherwise, it works very well like all the other remotes from Universal Remote Control. The things I didn't like compared to my URC-200 is the buttons recessed on the side are kind of hard to locate by feel (volume up/down, skip fwd/back, stop, etc.). Also, the "buttons" next to the LCD can't be used until the LCD is illuminated which I guess is just the nature of having a color LCD (you essentially have to press buttons twice: once to turn on the LCD and a second time to issue the command).	Control up to 18 components with NO internet or PC needed
13752	A PITA to program. A poor Logitech substitute with no manual.	I bought this remote to replace a failing Logitech Harmony 880, and decided on the URC R50 based on favorable reviews and the poor lifetime of my Harmony remote. The URC R50 feels nice in the hand, the buttons are much easier to find blindly than the Harmony's and easier to use if you have bigger fingers. However, that's the only upside I've found to this remote. They tout the fact that you don't need to get on the internet to program this remote. That is unless you actually want to read a manual or learn how to use the advance features such as the Macro function. Programming this remote was the biggest PITA I've had to deal with in a long, long time. Scrolling through multiple semi-working codes for each device until you happen to find the proper one is tedious and annoying. Once you finally get all of the devices entered, it's time to hit the internet and actually download a manual to try and learn the proper way to do macros. I've got a relatively small home theater with an Onkyo 706 handling all the audio/video processing, a Sony DLP, DVD player, cable box and separate XM tuner. With the Logitech Harmony I'd plug the remote into the computer USB port, fire up their software and tell it what order I'd like certain tasks done. I.E. turn on TV, set to input 1, turn on receiver, set to TV, turn on cablebox. Pretty easy and quick to do. With the URC you have to input each button press, which really is a pain when you have 8 or more inputs on the TV, multiple inputs on your receiver, etc...And don't forget each button input for each level of the menus and submenus on your TV and receiver. This is getting sent back and I'll go back to the Harmony line of remotes. They have their downfalls as well, but the point of this remote is to make life easier and macros easier to do. The URC remote fails miserably in this respect.	Control up to 18 components with NO internet or PC needed
13758	Great Remote, Easy to Use - Highly Recommend	I read several reviews on the various higher end universal remotes available out there. The most expensive Harmony remotes seem to work well, but you pay big $$$ for them and the lower end Harmony remotes fall apart from what I gathered. I ended up going with the URC R-50. I recently purchased a new TV an each of the 4 or 5 remotes would control about two components fully, then I had to switch to another component's remote. The bottom line is I wanted a remote that would FULLY control all devices without losing any functionality, especially with my Comcast Cable/DVR box and my Panasonic Blu-Ray player. The R50 fit the bill. It was very easy to set up - the codes are preloaded, so you just choose the best fit. It was very intuitive and I have many ideas on how to make it even more efficient. As others have stated, the COPY/PASTE functionality is great. I have my TV Power ON and OFF set all devices all the time, so I don't inadvertently turn off the cable box, when I mean to flip off the TV. So far, so good. No complaints and very satisfied.	Control up to 18 components with NO internet or PC needed
13767	Finally a truly universal remote!	This is a great remote. I replaced 8 other remotes with this one. Codes were already there. Easy to set up and use. The ONLY thing I found that I would like to have is a timer function on the macros so I could have my TV and stereo all turn on at specific times. Otherwise, this is a fantastic remote. I'm very pleased.	Control up to 18 components with NO internet or PC needed
13788	Very nice external drive	This is a newer version of an earlier model that is very similar ( ). I talked to a salesman at J&R Computers and he told me the only difference is that this model has 32MB cache and the older model has 16MB cache. The older model has over 100 reviews so you may want to look there as well. COST: This costs more than some other external hard drives of the same capacity but there are good reasons: You are paying for the multiple interfaces (eSATA, Firewire 400, Firewire 800 with second daisy-chain port, USB 2.0) and the complete set of cables that come with it. The eSATA support is 3Gbits compared to 1.5Gbits for less expensive drives. The well-constructed case may also add some cost. I'd like to think that the included disk is of a higher quality too, but have no way to judge. PERSONAL OBSERVATIONS: The drive has been working fine for about a month now. It feels VERY sturdy. It is heavier than other external drives I am familiar with. It is only slightly warm to the touch when running. The all-metal construction with the exterior ridges seems to do a good job of keeping it cool. It is VERY quiet. If not for the blue light I couldn't tell that it was turned on. Even when I put my ear right next to it I can hear very little. Even when it is actively seeking it is basically silent. There is no fan. It does make a few noises when starting up or shutting down. I THINK one of the noises I hear is the heads parking and unparking. I am using it as a USB 2.0 device right now. I have an eSATA card on order and will update this review to let you know how that goes. UPDATE: The drive works just fine when connected via eSATA. I have not done any performance experiments. It does have a slot in the back for one of those Kensington cable locks. I didn't see this mentioned in the sales literature, although other external drive manufacturers make a big deal of it. There are a lot of those locks available, especially if you consider the clones. The following is probably the best: . Oh, yes, one more thing. The blue light reminds me of HAL in 2001 Space Odyssey, except that HAL had a red eye.	With a unique ridged exterior that enhances the enclosure's cooling performance, and a quadruple interface for full Mac and PC compatibility, the BrandXYZ 301442U d2 Quadra External Hard Drive is an all-in-one drive that's built with the professional in mind. Designed by internationally acclaimed designer Neil Poulton, this versatile drive offers extreme performance and an aesthetic touch that will enhance any work space. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: ...
13910	Cd/DVD Portable Burner	My EZDigimagic DM220P08 is awesome. I have had my SD burner for over two years and commend the Digimagic people for making it easier to store my photos, and not clog up my hardrive. When I first got it, I had to have the technician walk me through the steps of inserting the SD card and what button to push, as I have a disability that makes reading the computer jargon instructions difficult. The EZ PnP Tech. people are very accomodating, and helpful! After I placed the SD chip in the front slot, and placed the CD in the carrier, which looks just like the CD player carrier on your PC or Laptop, and when the DM220P08 had formatted and booted up and was convinced that the CD was ready it went to town, it copied all 150 photos in just about 4-5 minutes, it then initialized the disc, beeps, and spits out a completed CD. For general shooting, I just use a CD, and it can accomodate four burns on a one gig SD chip before telling you to switch out the CD for a new one when full, and completes the burn. It automatically picks up at the end of the last burn, and starts the next installment, and makes a new folder that shows up on your computer's hard drive area as a EZPnp disc icon. So when you click on the icon, it shows how many burns you have on that CD/DVD. So all you DSLR users with monster 24mp cameras out there with your 16 gig chips in your cameras, you will just have to use DVD's for your massive storage needs. DVD's are incredible though, I have only filled one so far, and that was when I shot tons of photos while in Salt Lake City last Thanksgiving. I was doing a Missionary a good deed and taking some shots of his home and family for a Christmas present to him. I shot over 300 6mp full res shots, and it barely even bothered the CD, I could have placed two hundred more shots on that one. I take it everywhere I go for photo shoots! And with just four DVD's I can down load a ton of shots that would otherwise have crashed my hard drive, and by formatting the chips, can take another ton of shots. I have a cheapy plastic CD file box with all my photo Disc's, and there are over two thousand shots with the name of the shoot written with a sharpie on the CD/DVD's for simple identification . There is only one drawback that kept me from giving it a five star rating, and that is you can't play the CD or DVD's on the home TV in your DVD player, so without owning the DM220P08 and having the patch cords, you will have to view them on your gift CD/DVD's on your PC or Laptop. By the way! It is as small as a portable CD player and fits anywhere for trips and photo shoots. So until EZ PnP people get permission to be able to make a burner that is CD/DVD to TV DVD player compatible, you will just have to view the shots on your PC or Laptop.	DVD BURNER
13911	Too good to be true? Yep.	I was somewhat skeptical about the quality of this set, considering name-brand multicoated UV filters alone are twice as much as this set. I was right to be skeptical. The UV filter is very thin glass and is not antireflective - aside from the strong reflections being a dead giveaway, you don't see any of the green or purple tinge you usually see on antireflective coatings. The circular polarizer barely works... you do get slightly better color, but not nearly as much as a name brand filter. If you point it at the right place in the sky you might get about 20% of the darkening a Tiffen circular polarizer gives you. I didn't bother trying the fluorescent filter... couldn't figure out why it was included anyway, since all digital cameras have automatic white balance. Save your money, buy something else.	BrandXYZ 77mm Glass Multi Coated 3 piece Filter Kit consisting of an Ultra Violet (UV), Circular Polarizer (CPL), and a Fluorescent (FLD) Filter. They have Black metal rings to match most cameras. Protective hard case included.
13912	Definitely too good to be true.	Zeikos ZE-FLK77 77mm Multi-Coated 3 Piece Filter Kit (UV-CPL-FLD) claim to be muti-coated, but I just don't see it. These things reflect light like little mirrors. They flare horribly and are basically trash. The only (just barely) useful filter in the trio is the CPL. It does cut down on reflections on glass, but not nearly as much as my 20 year old Tiffen. The best thing about it is that the CPL only eats about 1 stop compared t the 2 stops of my Tiffen. It would be best to avoid Zeikos ZE-FLK77 77mm Multi-Coated 3 Piece Filter Kit (UV-CPL-FLD), even if they were free.	BrandXYZ 77mm Glass Multi Coated 3 piece Filter Kit consisting of an Ultra Violet (UV), Circular Polarizer (CPL), and a Fluorescent (FLD) Filter. They have Black metal rings to match most cameras. Protective hard case included.
13913	Zeikos lens	The lens came in a nice little leather looking box. However, on the outer side of the lens where you screw the lens in, it was scratched. I think it was either a returned/second hand product.....	BrandXYZ 77mm Glass Multi Coated 3 piece Filter Kit consisting of an Ultra Violet (UV), Circular Polarizer (CPL), and a Fluorescent (FLD) Filter. They have Black metal rings to match most cameras. Protective hard case included.
13914	Poor quality!	The filters were cheap and I guess I get what I pay for. On my Sigma 70-200mm for Nikon lens, the UV filter was not so bad. "Very slight" distortion, but the Polarized filter was horrible. Distortion all the way. It works as a polarizer but the images are so degraded, it's not worth using it. I have a Canon 24-70mm 2.8 for my Canon camera and its not so noticeable on that setup.	BrandXYZ 77mm Glass Multi Coated 3 piece Filter Kit consisting of an Ultra Violet (UV), Circular Polarizer (CPL), and a Fluorescent (FLD) Filter. They have Black metal rings to match most cameras. Protective hard case included.
13789	Great Piece of Equipment	I finally received my LaCie hard drive. This is a well made piece of equipment - it has a solid, heavy construction and an elegant appearance. I was relieved that the light is a pleasant shade of blue and is not bright at all, unlike other hard drive lights with blindingly bright LEDs. This drive is not silent, though it is fairly quiet. I can clearly hear the drive running from several feet away but it's not disturbing. The fellow who said that he can't hear it with his ear right next to it, well the drive must not have been running at that moment. I'm using this as a Time Machine backup drive. With a Firewire 400 connection to my old G5 iMac, it backed up 270 GBs in under 5 hours. At first the Time Machine backup was dog slow. Then I remembered to turn off my virus software, AND most important, I changed the Spotlight preferences by selecting the Privacy tab and adding my backup drive to prevent Spotlight from indexing/searching it. After that the backup process just flew! After writing data for 5 hours the drive was warm, but not hot. The aluminum heat-sink case seems to cool the drive very well. Eventually I will attach it to an Apple Airport Extreme via USB to use it as a network drive for wireless use by my laptop as well. Unfortunately the Airport Extreme wireless router does not provide a Firewire 400/800 connection - just ethernet or the much slower USB 2.0. I'll provide an update on the performance at that time. All in all, I am quite happy with this purchase.	With a unique ridged exterior that enhances the enclosure's cooling performance, and a quadruple interface for full Mac and PC compatibility, the BrandXYZ 301442U d2 Quadra External Hard Drive is an all-in-one drive that's built with the professional in mind. Designed by internationally acclaimed designer Neil Poulton, this versatile drive offers extreme performance and an aesthetic touch that will enhance any work space. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: ...
13792	Reliable product, above-and-beyond customer service!	I bought this drive in July 2008 and it worked flawlessly for 8 months until I confused my wife's laptop power supply with the drive's power supply, thereby showing the drive 19V instead of the correct 12V. Not good. The big blue light forever after slowly blinked on/off repeatedly and the drive wouldn't spin up. It was dead. The bright side to this is that when I e-mailed Lacie Tech Support - being very upfront about my boneheaded mistake and just wondering if the drive might be fixable - they still covered the unit under it's 3-year warranty! WOW! They initially sent me a new power supply free of charge, thinking it might possibly be that (I was sure it wasn't), then after that didn't do it, they gave me authorization to return it to be repaired free of charge. I paid to ship it to them, they replaced the internal drive (a 500GB Seagate Barracuda, I might add) and shipped it back to me within a couple days. So, for only the $12 I paid for shipping, I got a virtually new drive in under a week...which they didn't have to do, since it was obviously negligence on my part that fried the drive. So, I have to strongly recommend this Lacie drive both because it's a reliable and well-made product and it's backed up by above-and-beyond customer service!	With a unique ridged exterior that enhances the enclosure's cooling performance, and a quadruple interface for full Mac and PC compatibility, the BrandXYZ 301442U d2 Quadra External Hard Drive is an all-in-one drive that's built with the professional in mind. Designed by internationally acclaimed designer Neil Poulton, this versatile drive offers extreme performance and an aesthetic touch that will enhance any work space. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: ...
13796	One Sweet Hard Drive	Fast. Sleek. Silent. This HD has been working flawlessly since we took it out of the box. We use it for all our video and photo storage, as well as backups. Never again will we buy a Western Digital or Maxtor external HD drive. LaCie has a great product! Impressive so far! I agree with the other reviewer- get one NOW!	With a unique ridged exterior that enhances the enclosure's cooling performance, and a quadruple interface for full Mac and PC compatibility, the BrandXYZ 301442U d2 Quadra External Hard Drive is an all-in-one drive that's built with the professional in mind. Designed by internationally acclaimed designer Neil Poulton, this versatile drive offers extreme performance and an aesthetic touch that will enhance any work space. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: ...
15432	I wish it was better	I have owned 4 previous versions of this camera. They are fantastic. I use them for work and for family. This one just doesn't work. Picture quality is worse. When you make movies, the video is out of sync with the audio. I think they tried to put too much in one little camera. I'm returning this and buying one of the older models.	The EXILIM EX-S12 is the perfect combination of design and technology in an ultra-slim format. The camera, which is as slim as it is elegant, is equipped with amazing functions, such as the EXILIM engine 4.0, 12.1-megapixels, an extremely bright and high-contrast 6.9-cm wide-screen TFT display (super clear LCD), HD video recording and 3x optical zoom.
15434	Everything in a point and shoot plus more	12 MP, zoom, wore it in a phone case on my belt when going out, takes good pics with and without flash. I have this and a DSLR	The EXILIM EX-S12 is the perfect combination of design and technology in an ultra-slim format. The camera, which is as slim as it is elegant, is equipped with amazing functions, such as the EXILIM engine 4.0, 12.1-megapixels, an extremely bright and high-contrast 6.9-cm wide-screen TFT display (super clear LCD), HD video recording and 3x optical zoom.
13802	LaCie does it right	I chose this product because it had FireWire 800. It was a dream to set up and sits quietly on my desk backing up my work.	With a unique ridged exterior that enhances the enclosure's cooling performance, and a quadruple interface for full Mac and PC compatibility, the BrandXYZ 301442U d2 Quadra External Hard Drive is an all-in-one drive that's built with the professional in mind. Designed by internationally acclaimed designer Neil Poulton, this versatile drive offers extreme performance and an aesthetic touch that will enhance any work space. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: ...
15507	Expensive but it works very well	I use my D-Lux 4 a lot and find that sometimes the LCD, although very good, is too washed out and has some glare under bright conditions. I also liked using the Sigma viewfinder on my old DP1 as opposed to holding the camera out away from my body to frame. The DP1 viewfinder got the camera aimed in the right direction but had marginal optics and the frame lines could not be seen under most conditions. The Leica finder on my D-Lux 4 cost twice as much but works three times better. Great optics, bigger, and can see the framing lines which I find quite accurate at 24mm at the 3/2 image proportions setting. It also has frame lines for 35mm but unfortunately the camera does not tell you the intermediate zoom steps so you don't know where 35mm is. Based on the frame lines, two hits on the zoom lever puts it at about 35mm. My only wish is that it had frame lines for 60mm. The finder also looks very well made, fits nicely on the D-Lux 4, and allows the flash to come up which some other brands of viewfinders do not due to the size.	The BrandXYZ D-LUX 4 Digital camera body (black) with brilliant Viewfinder attaches to the cameras hot shoe to provide an effective means of framing your image - even in very low light. When using the Brilliant Viewfinder users can disable the cameras LCD display; plus the viewfinder itself does not drain any power from the camera, thereby allowing for additional shots on a full battery charge. The viewfinder also incorporates a 24-mm LED display for easier framing.
13844	Great Drive!	Bought this drive with its rack, and wired up (FW400) to a mac mini (the mini fits perfectly under the rack, btw); The drive has really been getting a workout, but handles heat well. The ribbed aluminum casing is slightly warm to the touch when idle, and very warm (not really hot; it can comfortably be held) after several hours of writing data (rsync'ing about 120GB two times, plus some additional content); Also, I would say this is not very noisy; when in sleep, barely audible; when waking or parking for sleep, a quick click noise; when in full operation, an audible whirring with expected write noise of drive heads. Probably too loud for a bedroom (when in operation), but fine for an entertainment console, especially if it is enclosed. I keep this setup running 24/7 with intermittent access (mainly reading at this point) and have no probs; waiting for price to dip and will get a second to "mirror" this one with a nightly rsync;	With a unique ridged exterior that enhances the enclosure's cooling performance, and a quadruple interface for full Mac and PC compatibility, the BrandXYZ 301442U d2 Quadra External Hard Drive is an all-in-one drive that's built with the professional in mind. Designed by internationally acclaimed designer Neil Poulton, this versatile drive offers extreme performance and an aesthetic touch that will enhance any work space. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: ...
13849	Just what I needed!	I love this HD! After Entourage malfunctioned and deleted lots of documents I knew that I needed an external HD. The little blue light can be a shortcut button for lots of applications or folders. It's heavy duty and you can buy 4 of them and stack them! It's fast at backing up anything you want it to. Get it now!!!	With a unique ridged exterior that enhances the enclosure's cooling performance, and a quadruple interface for full Mac and PC compatibility, the BrandXYZ 301442U d2 Quadra External Hard Drive is an all-in-one drive that's built with the professional in mind. Designed by internationally acclaimed designer Neil Poulton, this versatile drive offers extreme performance and an aesthetic touch that will enhance any work space. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: ...
15508	Was this a good thing or a pain in the A	I loved the idea of the view finder. It may install easy but all wierd thing in the 5 star rieview made me put the breakes on.	The BrandXYZ D-LUX 4 Digital camera body (black) with brilliant Viewfinder attaches to the cameras hot shoe to provide an effective means of framing your image - even in very low light. When using the Brilliant Viewfinder users can disable the cameras LCD display; plus the viewfinder itself does not drain any power from the camera, thereby allowing for additional shots on a full battery charge. The viewfinder also incorporates a 24-mm LED display for easier framing.
13862	So far, so good	I have had the drive for about two weeks now and it does exactly what I need it to do. It works well with Time Machine, feels solid, doesn't make much noise and looks pretty good. The large blue LED might be distracting if it were not for the fact that I have it far below eye level.	With a unique ridged exterior that enhances the enclosure's cooling performance, and a quadruple interface for full Mac and PC compatibility, the BrandXYZ 301442U d2 Quadra External Hard Drive is an all-in-one drive that's built with the professional in mind. Designed by internationally acclaimed designer Neil Poulton, this versatile drive offers extreme performance and an aesthetic touch that will enhance any work space. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: ...
15435	Pretty good...	JUST DONT DROP IT! Mine cracked in half, otherwise, it's pretty good! Pictures turn out better with Nikons obviously though...	The EXILIM EX-S12 is the perfect combination of design and technology in an ultra-slim format. The camera, which is as slim as it is elegant, is equipped with amazing functions, such as the EXILIM engine 4.0, 12.1-megapixels, an extremely bright and high-contrast 6.9-cm wide-screen TFT display (super clear LCD), HD video recording and 3x optical zoom.
15444	Awful Point & Shoot	I've never had to give a bad review.. and I really wanted to like this camera. I perused the casio website for quite a long time, looking at their photo examples. I expected this camera to take decent photos out of the box, it did not. After making adjustments, the photos are NOT good. Color is washed out, the images are blurry and pixelated on the ends. My old Canon G2 at 4 mp still takes vastly superior photos. This is going back today. NOTE: The only reason I am giving it 2 stars is because it is a very well crafted camera, very solid and the size is incredible. But if it can't take decent photo's, those don't matter much to me.	The EXILIM EX-S12 is the perfect combination of design and technology in an ultra-slim format. The camera, which is as slim as it is elegant, is equipped with amazing functions, such as the EXILIM engine 4.0, 12.1-megapixels, an extremely bright and high-contrast 6.9-cm wide-screen TFT display (super clear LCD), HD video recording and 3x optical zoom.
13889	Great product, fast transfer	LaCie was recommended by a college professor of mine. I am a Recording Industry major, and required a large external HD to transfer my recorded music from home to studio. I can record directly to this drive without any hitches, and the 800 speed firewire is wonderful. Great product, and fast delivery.	With a unique ridged exterior that enhances the enclosure's cooling performance, and a quadruple interface for full Mac and PC compatibility, the BrandXYZ 301442U d2 Quadra External Hard Drive is an all-in-one drive that's built with the professional in mind. Designed by internationally acclaimed designer Neil Poulton, this versatile drive offers extreme performance and an aesthetic touch that will enhance any work space. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: ...
18788	Works great!	Got this Roku box to compliment Netflix. Didn't really know what to expect. Opened the box and had it set up in 5 minutes, no fuss, no bother. Works really well. Can view instant watches whenever we feel the urge. Can stop in the middle and get back to it later just like a DVD. Pause to make a snack or run the dog outside. Now recommend it to all our Netflix pals. Gets an A+ from dedicated movie watchers!!	With Wi-Fi and High Definition playback capability built-in, BrandXYZ HD Player is the easiest way to stream top-quality instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The best-selling HD Player has everything you need to start enjoying endless entertainment from the comfort of your couch. No wonder it's Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FREE music from...
13892	Working great	Product working great, not slowing anything down too terribly much, only a little with start up. Ease of use, mobility and storage is amazing. Get one	With a unique ridged exterior that enhances the enclosure's cooling performance, and a quadruple interface for full Mac and PC compatibility, the BrandXYZ 301442U d2 Quadra External Hard Drive is an all-in-one drive that's built with the professional in mind. Designed by internationally acclaimed designer Neil Poulton, this versatile drive offers extreme performance and an aesthetic touch that will enhance any work space. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: ...
18789	Just what I thought	I read the other reviews available for this product (GOOD) and decided to make the purchase. Was not dissappointed. While the fast forward and rewind aren't quite like a DVD the product on the whole is fantastic. Set up took less than 10 minutes. Most of that time was spent entering the web key for the wireless modem and waiting for it to sync. All of my movies on my Netflix instant queu were waiting for me. These movies stay on your queue until you remove them but you can start and stop movies and switch titles and come back to movies you were watching previously. Picture quality is good. Worth the 120$	With Wi-Fi and High Definition playback capability built-in, BrandXYZ HD Player is the easiest way to stream top-quality instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The best-selling HD Player has everything you need to start enjoying endless entertainment from the comfort of your couch. No wonder it's Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FREE music from...
13943	Okay bag with some major drawbacks	I purchased this Slimcase XL to use with a 17" MacBook Pro (unibody). The computer fits perfectly. Overall the bag is nicely constructed and I like the water-repellent material, however, some major design flaws limit its usefulness. My biggest complaint is the strap. Considering this bag is meant to carry a hefty load (the aluminum 17" MacBook Pro), the strap is very cheap and flimsy. The strap threads through metal buckles which attach to the bag. The buckles are supposed to remain horizontal to spread the weight. What really happens, though, is the strap bunches up at the ends and the buckle ends up vertical. This not only looks ugly, but affects the way the bag hangs. Another design flaw is the hole in the top flap. The top of the bag has handles, so it can be carried like a briefcase. The front handle can be hidden inside the bag when not in use. The problem is the slot in the top that accommodates the handle. There's no zipper or closure. So if you're using the bag on a rainy day, the water is going to flow right into the inside of the bag, directly onto the pockets meant for papers and books. Stupid design. Minor complaints: I wish the front flap closed with magnets instead of the very loud velcro booq chose to use; the inside pockets have no flaps to keep items from falling out. I contacted booq customer service to see if I could at least get a better strap and the answer was simple: no. All in all the Slimcase XL is an example of designing for aesthetics over function. AN ADDED WARNING ABOUT SELLER: if you are ordering from Canada, the seller "Best Service" Stores ships Fedex ground and neglects to inform you of a hidden Brokerage fee. A month after receiving this bag, I got a bill from Fedex demanding over $70 US!! Almost as much as I paid for the crappy bag. The only response from the seller is "it's a customs fee." Well, it's not. It's a brokerage fee. You can broker the item yourself and there's no brokerage fee if the item is shipped air. Hidden fees are illegal in some provinces and should be illegal everywhere. Consider yourself warned!	Storage:. # Exterior This compact case features a slim design, messenger style flap with an exterior pocket perfect for a boarding pass. # Easy-access exterior pocket is perfect for papers, a magazine, or your keys and phone. Main compartments. # Lift the messenger style flap to find a gusseted front compartment with plenty of pockets to organize your most necessary accessories  business cards, pens, cds  unbutton the gusset to expand the space even further. # Large open pocket provides a perf...
13944	Avoid these bags	Overall the bag is nicely constructed and I like the water-repellent material, however, some major design flaws limit its usefulness. My biggest complaint is the strap. Considering this bag is meant to carry a hefty load (an aluminum MacBook Pro, for instance), the strap is very cheap and flimsy. The strap threads through metal buckles which attach to the bag. The buckles are supposed to remain horizontal to spread the weight. What really happens, though, is the strap bunches up at the ends and the buckle ends up vertical. This not only looks ugly, but affects the way the bag hangs. Another design flaw is the hole in the top flap. The top of the bag has handles, so it can be carried like a briefcase. The front handle can be hidden inside the bag when not in use. The problem is the slot in the top that accommodates the handle. There's no zipper or closure. So if you're using the bag on a rainy day, the water is going to flow right into the inside of the bag, directly onto the pockets meant for papers and books. Stupid design. Minor complaints: I wish the front flap closed with magnets instead of the very loud velcro booq chose to use; the inside pockets have no flaps to keep items from falling out. I contacted booq customer service to see if I could at least get a better strap and the answer was simple: no. All in all the Slimcase XL is an example of designing for aesthetics over function. AN ADDED WARNING ABOUT SELLER: if you are ordering from Canada, the seller "Best Service" Stores ships Fedex ground and neglects to inform you of a hidden Brokerage fee. A month after receiving this bag, I got a bill from Fedex demanding over $70 US!! Almost as much as I paid for the crappy bag. The only response from the seller is "it's a customs fee." Well, it's not. It's a brokerage fee. You can broker the item yourself and there's no brokerage fee if the item is shipped air. Hidden fees are illegal in some provinces and should be illegal everywhere. Consider yourself warned!	Striking the perfect balance between maximum interior storage and minimum exterior size, Taipan slimcase is a modern reinvention of a classic form. Once you have begun to appreciate its clean lines and slim messenger-bag style, its highly convenient pocket layout and plush laptop compartment equipped with a genuine YKK(R) zipper, you will find that Taipan slimcase is one of the best-designed compact laptop bags around. Storage:. Exterior.  This compact case features a slim design, messenger sty...
14088	Handsfree Bluetooth Device	The Parrot Mini is great. It flawlessly accepted all of my contact information from my cell phone. The speech recognition is great. Althought the "manual" is quite abbreviated, I was able to setup and use the device with no trouble. Amzon.com came through with a great product at a great price. I highly recommend it.	portable hands-free speakerphone kit * car charger and USB cable included * compatible with most Bluetooth phones * access up to 150 numbers with voice recognition feature for hands-free dialing (only works with certain phones) * omnidirectional microphone with noise reduction and echo cancellation technology * warranty: 1 year *
14089	Parrot Talks!	Excellent product. Took it out of the box, charged it, turned it on, it linked to my phone and my wife's phone, and now it is used every day! Excellent sound, excellent technology!	portable hands-free speakerphone kit * car charger and USB cable included * compatible with most Bluetooth phones * access up to 150 numbers with voice recognition feature for hands-free dialing (only works with certain phones) * omnidirectional microphone with noise reduction and echo cancellation technology * warranty: 1 year *
3698	great case	great case stylish very nice i bought it its cool. if u buy it get a screen cover b/c it dont have one but its ok. i love it 10/10. reasonable price!	Wrap your iPod Classic in a BrandXYZ jewelry case to make an incredible impression. 14-karat gold or silver plate with an optional bezel style setting featuring 80 hand set Swarovski crystals.
13945	Great bag, excellent quality...	I ordered Booq Taipan Slimcase M compact laptop bag for my MacBook Pro. It looks and feels great. It has seven pockets, cushioned/plush laptop compartment with tuck-away handles and removable strap. The exterior is made of waterproof synthetic material which is good for those who tend to spill drinks. The coolest part (and probably an unnecessary feature) is that every Booq bag comes with a Terralinq serial number and barcode. When registered, this number allows them to contact the owner of the bag once it's lost and found. All in all it's great and made with quality.	Striking the perfect balance between maximum interior storage and minimum exterior size, Taipan slimcase is a modern reinvention of a classic form. Once you have begun to appreciate its clean lines and slim messenger-bag style, its highly convenient pocket layout and plush laptop compartment equipped with a genuine YKK(R) zipper, you will find that Taipan slimcase is one of the best-designed compact laptop bags around. Storage:. Exterior.  This compact case features a slim design, messenger sty...
13972	good radiator	I added this radiator to my thermaltake 760i LCS because i added a water block for my ATI HD 4870. The ATI now idles at 31C and 100% load at 40C. The CPU idles at 28C and 100% load at 45C.	Dimple Tube Technology; Radiator P/N CL-W0180 Dimension 153(L) x 120(W) x 28(H) mm ; Material/ Radiator Material Aluminum; Tube Design Aluminum, Dimple ; Fin Design Aluminum, Louvered; Quick install connector For 9.5mm ID (3/8?) tubing ; Total Weight 530(g); Fan P/N CL-W0180 ; Fan Dimension/ Dimension 120(L) x 120(w) x 35(H) mm ; Fan Speed 1300~2400 RPM ; Rated Voltage 12V ; Max. Air Flow 38.6CFM~93.7CFM ; Noise 16?30 dBA ; Bearing Type Sleeve; Life Expectancy 30,000 hr ; Connectors with Hose Cl...
13973	Awesome	Mounts in the back of my computer case (also a thermaltake) without a hitch, cleared all inside components of the motherboard. Adjustable fan, A very good option to cool the water before entering the resivoir. Recommended!	Dimple Tube Technology; Radiator P/N CL-W0180 Dimension 153(L) x 120(W) x 28(H) mm ; Material/ Radiator Material Aluminum; Tube Design Aluminum, Dimple ; Fin Design Aluminum, Louvered; Quick install connector For 9.5mm ID (3/8?) tubing ; Total Weight 530(g); Fan P/N CL-W0180 ; Fan Dimension/ Dimension 120(L) x 120(w) x 35(H) mm ; Fan Speed 1300~2400 RPM ; Rated Voltage 12V ; Max. Air Flow 38.6CFM~93.7CFM ; Noise 16?30 dBA ; Bearing Type Sleeve; Life Expectancy 30,000 hr ; Connectors with Hose Cl...
13978	Very pleasant surprise!	I received my Tokina 12-24mm DXII wide angle lens very quickly. I could not wait to put it through some paces even though I was hesitant at first to try anything but Nikon lenses. I use a Nikon D90 and this lens is flawless with it. The auto focus is very quiet and responsive. I ran it through the gamut of fstops at every setting from 12mm to 24mm. My results indicate that it is a little soft wide open but quickly sharpens as you progress through the settings. At 14-15 mm seems to be very sharp. The colors are true and vibrant. I took over a hundred pictures at church, mostly outside, both in the shade and sunshine. I did not see any distortion or chromatic aberrations. If there were any, my camera must have corrected them automatically. I probably should mention I compared this lens to my Nikon 18-105mm with VR, side by side and picture for picture, at all settings. The Tokina is actually sharper at 18mm than the Nikon 18-105. Up to and including 24mm, they both were very good. This was a pleasant surprise to me and I would not hesitate to recommend this lens to anyone who might being trying to decide whether to purchase it.	BrandXYZ 12-24MM F4 Pro II Zoom Lens for Digital Nikon SLR Cameras
13979	Great Product	Before I bought this lens for my Canon 40D,I informed myself and read reviews on all wide angle lenses not in the astronomical prize range.After having used it now for a couple of weeks I find it quite outstanding.The build quality is first class it feels as smooth and solid as my 24-104mm L lens[which is saying a lot].The colors and image quality too leave nothing to be desired.So I am very happy with it and can only recommend it.	BrandXYZ 12-24MM F4 Pro II Zoom Lens for Digital Nikon SLR Cameras
13980	Tokina 12-24 dxll	All my research was on the earlier model as no one had tested ll seperately but was told that optics were the same but with better coating. This is one great lens,no CA problem,sharp,built like a tank and uses a standard tiffin 77mm uv filter [$11.95] without vingetting. It does not have a flare problem when used with normal care [don't put the sun in the frame, shade with your hat when needed]. An excellent lens for the money, an excellent lens at any price. Also came with it's own lens shade. GG	BrandXYZ 12-24MM F4 Pro II Zoom Lens for Digital Nikon SLR Cameras
13981	Robust Construction!	This is technically my first third party lens (the other is the fantastic telephoto Sigma 70-300mm APO). It is extremely sharp throughout its range and the photos come out colorful and accurate. Zooming and when needed, manually focusing is silky smooth. Which is very nice for a lens at this price range. Keep in mind though it is large and heavy. But that's what you get when going with Tokina. Which to me isn't really a bad thing. And yes! It even comes with its own durable lens hood and weather resistant sealing on the mount end.	BrandXYZ 12-24MM F4 Pro II Zoom Lens for Digital Nikon SLR Cameras
20722	Great thumping sound	Whether using for my iMac, my iPhone, my iPod or my Airport Express using AirTunes, these affordable computer speakers supply a hearty punch. The shielded subwoofer supplies the bass sound that you can FEEL, without rattling your jawbone or making you think your skeleton is going to turn to powder. No need to dissolve the cilia in your ears - great sound you can hear, with no rattle. The rubber feet work great in keeping vibration at bay and preventing the satellite speakers from 'walking' around your desk. Whether you decide to put the subwoofer on the ground or on your desk, the sound is still awesome and the subwoofer is attractive enough to be on your desk... not the typical 'black box' many choose to hide in the bottom or back of their desk, which results in muting some sounds. Altec Lansing always does a great job at making great sounding speakers, in attractive, affordable packages that are much more competitively priced than those they compete with in the same class. I highly recommend these speakers.	The Expressionist Plus music system is a serious performer in a small package. The stylish, adjustable satellites deliver pure, distinct full-spectrum sound from precision-engineered 2? speakers and the 5.25? space-saving desktop subwoofer fills your space with deep bass. Tuck the compact subwoofer under your desk or on your desktop. Set-up is a snap, so enjoy terrific sound from your computer, CD, DVD, or MP3 player right out of the box.
13982	Great wireless setup	This is the third set of these wireless keyboard/mouse setups we have bought for our office. This is a great setup. The gyro function of the mouse works pretty well, but its not something we need, nor use very often. The keyboard is small, which means it takes up less space on the desk. Batteries last about 9 months in the keyboard. The scroll wheel on the mouse is a great feature. The mouse battery will die down overnight, if heavily used & not returned to charger. Expect to buy a new mouse battery after about 4 years. Hang on to your old mouse for a backup. Easy to hook up & use. Can even be moved from PC to PC very easy. This keyboard came with a dust cover that can be flipped over & placed underneath while using the keyboard. More expensive than similar setups, but this is quality equipment, that can hold up to daily business use. Overall, this is a great setup.	With BrandXYZ?s intelligent Air Mouse GO Plus featuring MotionSense, the world just got easier to navigate. No strings, no wires, no trick, no gimmicks ? just better technology that allows you a more comfortable and versatile mouse to operate in the air or on the desk. Take control of your presentations, entertainment, and Internet browsing with natural hand movements. You?ll wonder how you ever did it any other way. Experience the patented MotionSense technology inside the Air Mouse GO Plus tha...
13983	The best wireless mouse i've come across	Overall this is a very good combination unit. I have bought 2 in the last 2 years and will default to Gyration if I need another. Pros: 1. Both the mouse and keyboard actually work. I've tried 3 other brands and immediately discarded. 2. The range is good. Even at 30' the keyboard and mouse work dependably. 3. With the USB receiver plugged into the back side of the computer, it shows no degredation in performance. 4. I like the small keyboard for use in my livingroom with a media center PC. The air mouse feature works flawlessly on the arm of my chair, my leg or in the air. 5. Customer support was very responsive. I dropped the mouse and broke the butterfly cover (To use the left mouse button, I would have to remove the butterfly) and Gyration replaced it for free (including shipping). My second unit arrived DOA and they sent me a replacement the day I called, without having to wait to receive the old one. Second unit worked great. Cons: 1. Price fluctuates from week to week. I thought the system was expensive but I am convinced that it is better to spend $100-130 on this unit than $75 on something that frustrates you. 2. Charge life of the mouse. It lasts a day, but you really need to charge it every night. 3. Keyboard could be more responsive. If you type fast, it will not register all keystrokes.	With BrandXYZ?s intelligent Air Mouse GO Plus featuring MotionSense, the world just got easier to navigate. No strings, no wires, no trick, no gimmicks ? just better technology that allows you a more comfortable and versatile mouse to operate in the air or on the desk. Take control of your presentations, entertainment, and Internet browsing with natural hand movements. You?ll wonder how you ever did it any other way. Experience the patented MotionSense technology inside the Air Mouse GO Plus tha...
14114	Great value but picture and sound input was lacking	If you want a big monitor and a great price this is it. That being said, there are problems that I am living with. - my monitor's PC input does not work - contrast/brightness is high and produces a bluish glare that cannot be minimized (thankfully I use Gunnar optiks) - menu controls are decent - HDMI picture is serviceable but not stellar Pros are price and versatility.	16:9 Full HD, HDMI, 2ms and 2Wx2 Build in Speaker
14115	ASUS LSC Monitor	This is one of the best monitors that I have bought to date. It was easy to set up and works great. Colors are crisp and the text is clear and easy to read for my old set of eyes!	16:9 Full HD, HDMI, 2ms and 2Wx2 Build in Speaker
14117	Great for the price	The monitor works great with my PS3 and works great with my computer. The only complaint is that the built in speakers don't sound too good, but for the price this is more than I could have expected.	16:9 Full HD, HDMI, 2ms and 2Wx2 Build in Speaker
14123	asus vw246h 24 inch lcd monitor	Fantastic screen color. However, I bought two of these monitors and both of the speakers do not work at all.	16:9 Full HD, HDMI, 2ms and 2Wx2 Build in Speaker
13984	Pretty good product for the price but it does have a few limitations	*******HOW LONG HAVE I OWNED THE GYRATION GO AIR MOUSE & COMPACT KEYBOARD?******* I have owned this Compact Keyboard and Go Air Mouse Combo for well over a year. I bought it to replace my IR (infra red) Silitek SK-7551 compact keyboard + pointing device for my Home Theater PC (HTPC). *******WHY DID I NEED IT?******* Since I have an HTPC it's connected to my HT receiver in my living room and its used to play back DVD, music, stream online video (YouTube). And usually in an HTPC setup the the actual computer case is next to the TV and HT Receiver while you sit a couple of feet away (11ft in my case) from the set up. So you need a wireless keyboard/mouse and remote to work everything. I have had some sort of an HTPC for about 6 years and in these years the MOST used device (besides the universal remote) is the MOUSE. The SK-7551 retailed for $25 but is no longer made. The OLD mouse was a pointing device in my Silitek Keyboard which meant I had to cradle the weight of the entire keyboard just to use the mouse. So I realized that I need a separate mouse and keyboard but did not want to spend on high end stuff like Logitech DiNovo. Plus the Silitek Keyboard was IR which means I needed to ALWAYS point to the receiving station (placed under the TV) for me to make it work. *******SO HOW WELL DOES IT WORK?******* Note the OLD keyboard on my HTPC was an IR or infra red keyboard which means the two sensors MUST be in the line of sight to work. That was the bad news, the good news was that it was immune from interference. Any RF product that run at 2.4 Ghz (like the Gyration Keyboard&Mouse) will have some interference. Even a microwave can cause some interference. Here are some observations: 1) The Gyration KEYBOARD is a compact 88 keys RF keyboard and it's very light. But I do have some delay between initial keystrokes and them appearing on screen. But once the letters start appearing on screen the delay is minimal. But it can get irritating but you get used to it. 2) If you plan to use this as the ONLY keyboard & mouse connected to your PC you need to enable USB mouse and keyboard in your BIOS. The RF receiver that comes with the product plug into your USB device. Otherwise you cannot use the mouse or keyboard when you are in the BIOS. 3) The RF USB receiver seems to work better when plug it in the front USB ports. This could be because my HTPC has 802.11G PCI card with antenna in the back and plugging it in the back with both devices on 2.4Ghz may not be a good idea. But if you have a toddler in the house like I do, that's not very feasible to put it in the front USB port. So I bought 3 ft USB extension cord and plugged one end in the rear ports but the actual RF receiver is safely hidden in the TV cabinet. Since its RF it works through walls. 4) The STAR of the system in the Gyration GO Air Mouse. It can be used as an optical mouse and if you pick it up it becomes an gyro controlled air mouse. It works "pretty well" most of time. The Go Air tools software controls hand gestures and they work well too. But I cannot get the back and forward swipe motions for Firefox to work. Every time I gesture to go back in the FireFox browser it will do it but it will also open ANOTHER Firefox window. The solution is to open an IE window, minimize it and then use Firefox. When you do this the back and forward motion in Firefox works fine. This is a Firefox specific problem...its irritating but I have learned to live with it. The above problem only happens with back and forward gestures in the Firefox browser, if you use IE you wont have to deal with it. The short cut to programs are really cool and they work well. The other problem is with the battery. It does not hold charge that long (and I mean like a standard on your table bluetooth or wireless mouse), the solution is pretty simple keep the mouse + charger as close to your couch as possible this way you use it and when you are done put it back on the charge and its always on the charge till you need it. It will hold a charge for about 2-3 hours enough for you to get through a DVD movie. *******OK OK...DO YOU RECOMMEND THAT WE BUY IT?******* I did NOT buy this from Amazon, there was a very very slickdeal for this combo and it cost me about 1/4th of it's current Amazon Retail (at the time of writing). Do I think its a great product for $100 + ? No, go for a Logitech DiNovo Mini for a little more. Do I think its a great product for $50-100? Meeh, it depends. Ok so is it a great product for under $50 ? ABSOFRIGGINGLUTELY :-)	With BrandXYZ?s intelligent Air Mouse GO Plus featuring MotionSense, the world just got easier to navigate. No strings, no wires, no trick, no gimmicks ? just better technology that allows you a more comfortable and versatile mouse to operate in the air or on the desk. Take control of your presentations, entertainment, and Internet browsing with natural hand movements. You?ll wonder how you ever did it any other way. Experience the patented MotionSense technology inside the Air Mouse GO Plus tha...
13985	Outstanding	Easy to install/program. Flawless in everyway. I use it on a 42" screen which doubles as a TV. No hiccups as of yet	With BrandXYZ?s intelligent Air Mouse GO Plus featuring MotionSense, the world just got easier to navigate. No strings, no wires, no trick, no gimmicks ? just better technology that allows you a more comfortable and versatile mouse to operate in the air or on the desk. Take control of your presentations, entertainment, and Internet browsing with natural hand movements. You?ll wonder how you ever did it any other way. Experience the patented MotionSense technology inside the Air Mouse GO Plus tha...
13988	Deceptive Description	I purchased this product because I wanted a DVD player with TVGuardian. The description of this product lead me to believe that the TVGuardian was already activated. It was not. In order to activate it, I had to pay a fee of $29.95 to TVGuardian. I want to forewarn potential buyers of this deceptive product description. Otherwise, this DVD player has worked well although I have only used it a few times.	HDMI DVD player with 1080p up-conversion for state-of-the-art picture quality; TV Guardian for family-friendly viewing; USB connectivity; Component video output; Optical and coaxial digital audio output; With DivX Ultra
13989	This crazy thing plays Hybrid SACD's!!	When my old DVD player started dying, this RCA unit was on sale at Meijer, and since I was looking for an inexpensive DVD player which was compact, this one immediately stood out (the fact that it could rip CD's was not anything to sneeze at, either). There haven't been any problems whatsoever with the unit, and after picking up a Hybrid SACD, imagine my surprise and delight that this inexpensive little DVD player played it! If you can get your hands on one of these ittle babies, you won't be disappointed!	HDMI DVD player with 1080p up-conversion for state-of-the-art picture quality; TV Guardian for family-friendly viewing; USB connectivity; Component video output; Optical and coaxial digital audio output; With DivX Ultra
14000	DON'T BUY!	I've purchased Bower items before, as well as other generic items, like Sakar Digital Concepts, at the end, I had to spend double the amount I would for an original product for my camera. Why? Because I had to replace over three times al the generic flashes I purchased. Each was about $100. My brand flash ended up costing me about $300, but going for generic flashes I ended up spending $600! They break up very easily, specially Bower, and lack light output overall. Please take this advice seriously.	Kit includes:. ? 1) BrandXYZ SFD926S Digital Autofocus Power Zoom Flash. ? 2) Precision Design FB350 Flip Style Flash Bracket. ? 3) Precision Design TTL Off-Camera Flash Cord. ? 4) Precision Design 4 NiMH Batteries with Rapid Charger. ? 5) Precision Design Deluxe 6 Piece Lens & Digital SLR Cleaning Kit. The BrandXYZ SFD926S Digital Autofocus Power Zoom Flash is an innovatively designed flash unit for both digital and traditional SLR cameras with a wide array of high-end features at an affordable...
14086	Very Good	At first I was skeptical about how this item would help, but it has it's own voice dialing that syncs with your phone via Blue Tooth. The voice dialing is the best I have ever used. The volume is good. People seem to be able to hear me properly. I have not had to charge it yet and I have used it about 2 weeks. The only thing that I don't like is how far you have to get from the car to disconnect the Blue Tooth. The other option is a Parrot that would be installed in the car. This would cost at least $200 and feature better sound for me, automatic charging, and automatic off. I may just wait for my next car to have built in Blue Tooth.	portable hands-free speakerphone kit * car charger and USB cable included * compatible with most Bluetooth phones * access up to 150 numbers with voice recognition feature for hands-free dialing (only works with certain phones) * omnidirectional microphone with noise reduction and echo cancellation technology * warranty: 1 year *
14087	Two hands on the wheel!	I purchased this product because I believe that two hands on the steering wheel while driving is a must. And this product is worth every penny. Very easy to set up, always works, and is a great gift to give friends and family who use one hand to hold their cell phone while driving. I'm buying another one right now to give to a good friend who constantly talks on her cell phone while driving. I am so tired looking out for these people on the highway.	portable hands-free speakerphone kit * car charger and USB cable included * compatible with most Bluetooth phones * access up to 150 numbers with voice recognition feature for hands-free dialing (only works with certain phones) * omnidirectional microphone with noise reduction and echo cancellation technology * warranty: 1 year *
14090	Pretty good monitor for the money. . .	I bought it based on a user review from a professional photographer on another site. This user believed that after photo calibration, it was as good as monitors costing several times more. It is SO hard to find information on monitors as to suitability for photography, that I figured for the low cost I had nothing to lose. I have to agree with that other photographer. The image quality is very high, as is the color accuracy. My photos have a depth of color I never saw on my laptop screen. And that 22 inch wide screen format is HUGE! It makes photo editing very pleasant, indeed. The screen is not glossy, more of a matte finish so there is no glare from lamps or other light sources. No dead pixels and no edge bleed of white light around the edges of the screen. Construction seems reasonably rugged, that is, for the money spent. I'm sure I could get a much better built device for more money. But it doesn't feel flimsy anywhere, and at this point I feel it will last a reasonable amount of time before it needs to be retired. The only negative is that there is a single button to control all montior functions and set up. Separate controls for color contrast brightness, etc. would have been better for my purposes, but for the money, this works well enough. I'm very pleased with my purchase and do not feel cheated.	The BrandXYZ 2217V offers premium picture quality for graphics-intensive applications. It comes with 10000:1 (DCR) contrast ratio, which delivers exceptional image clarity, and 160-degree viewing angle to provide increased visibility from side viewpoints. Its response time is 5ms, a key feature that prevents fast moving objects from becoming blurred.The BrandXYZ 2217V offers consumers brilliant large screen performance at a highly competitive price.
14091	Suprisingy No-Name Brand	I have had the monitor for 4 months now and I have not had one problem with it. I originally bought this monitor from Fry's for $120 on sale with a 3 year Fry's warranty, which I thought was a good deal. Though I was initially satisfied with my deal, I got the itch for spending more on what I thought would be a better screen. So I returned my AOC and I went through 4 monitors - Dell, Acer, Toshiba and Gateway - all of them over $200. I ended up buying up AOC again for $170 (the sale was no longer available) with the three-year warranty. I settled with AOC because the color range is wide, as I do photography for a club. When working with b&w's, the light coming through the blacks is minimal compared to large brands. As a matter of fact, a lot of the other screens had a lot of bleeding when working with dark colors, which is irritating. Dark blacks are also good for movies. :) Just as much as the blacks are black, the whites are also just as white! According to my mac's color calibration system, the difference in the color ranges it can produce is slightly more than all the other brands I tried. The navigation system is a little bit tedious, but for something I don't mess with more than once I got the monitor, I don't mind at all. Overall, a good deal, and I believe, on par with larger brands. But because the monitor IS from a no-name brand, I would recommend buying it at a retail store and getting their warranty to overlap with AOC's.	The BrandXYZ 2217V offers premium picture quality for graphics-intensive applications. It comes with 10000:1 (DCR) contrast ratio, which delivers exceptional image clarity, and 160-degree viewing angle to provide increased visibility from side viewpoints. Its response time is 5ms, a key feature that prevents fast moving objects from becoming blurred.The BrandXYZ 2217V offers consumers brilliant large screen performance at a highly competitive price.
14092	Awful Warranty	AOC has an awful warranty policy and the product is not very good. Two months after buying mine a red dot appeared center screen (dead pixel). It was not that bothersome. Recently another red dot and a green one appeared. When I called the warranty department the lady explained that they have a dead pixel policy that states five pixels must be dead for you to return under warranty. Last no-name monitor I will ever buy.	The BrandXYZ 2217V offers premium picture quality for graphics-intensive applications. It comes with 10000:1 (DCR) contrast ratio, which delivers exceptional image clarity, and 160-degree viewing angle to provide increased visibility from side viewpoints. Its response time is 5ms, a key feature that prevents fast moving objects from becoming blurred.The BrandXYZ 2217V offers consumers brilliant large screen performance at a highly competitive price.
14093	Great Monitor, if you understand LCD	I have 2 of these 22" monitors and with the correct manual settings on the displays (along with adjustment on the evga controller) these displays look amazing! I have 2 24" widescreen dell monitors in my office, and I miss the clarity and bright colors of the AOC monitors I use at home. The best part is that I can purchase 2 AOC monitors for the price of 1 dell 24" monitor. A friend of mine purchased the 23" flavor of this monitor and he was upset at first with the contrast ratio and colors. He said they were dull and "blah". I looked at his settings and made a few brightness adjustments and disabled the DCR setting on the screen, and he was floored with the picture quality. He now loves his purchase. So keep in mind if you want to save money and have a high quality picture these monitors are for you, but if you are expecting to plug these monitors in and be amazing with default settings YOU ARE WRONG. If you know how to make color adjustments on the display and on your graphics card, I would say these monitors are a no-brainer decision.	The BrandXYZ 2217V offers premium picture quality for graphics-intensive applications. It comes with 10000:1 (DCR) contrast ratio, which delivers exceptional image clarity, and 160-degree viewing angle to provide increased visibility from side viewpoints. Its response time is 5ms, a key feature that prevents fast moving objects from becoming blurred.The BrandXYZ 2217V offers consumers brilliant large screen performance at a highly competitive price.
14094	Super price for this size monitor	Great monitor the price. I purchased from Fry's originally but kind of got worried about the 1 button switch for all menu. Image quality was so and so but the size per dollar spend makes it a bargain. Consumer Reports had it on the recommended list so I got one. Eventually, I came to my senses and decided to go for a LG 23" after all. This AOC reliability history is to be seen.	The BrandXYZ 2217V offers premium picture quality for graphics-intensive applications. It comes with 10000:1 (DCR) contrast ratio, which delivers exceptional image clarity, and 160-degree viewing angle to provide increased visibility from side viewpoints. Its response time is 5ms, a key feature that prevents fast moving objects from becoming blurred.The BrandXYZ 2217V offers consumers brilliant large screen performance at a highly competitive price.
14136	Nice	Pretty nice monitor. It's the second one I've bought in a few months - the 19 inch wide screen just wasn't big enough. I wanted something larger so I could work from home some days. For work, I use a lot of huge spreadsheets with lots and lots of columns. For my work computer, this screen has been great. The spreadsheets, etc are great. Nice and large. The screen definition auto adjusted really nicely. I can do my spreadsheet work much faster now. I can even keep open an extra window into our database for comparions at the same time instead of flipping back and forth. Really nice! For my home computer - not as great. The screen didn't auto adjust very well. Things are just bigger and a little blurry - but still much nicer than my old 15 inch flat screen. I think I blame the computer, not the screen. I think my 5 1/2 year old computer, just doesn't know how to send its signal out to be seen on a large widesceen. So, for older computers, you just might not get what you hope out of this screen. Anyway - the purchase was definitely worth the money. Now I wish we had wide screens at the office too. Only negative - the base gets in the way of my keyboard. I can't push my keyboard right up to the screen with it in the flat position. The ergonomics person at work highly recommends the flat position - says we will have less wrist stress that way. Screen bases should be made to accomodate that... Though, I can see how that's tougher with a flat screen since its center of gravity is much further forward than the old CRTs. The screen comes with a few too many stickers on it too. Like it's trying to advertise all its options. They can be taken off - just kinda annoying...	16:9 Full HD, HDMI, 2ms and 2Wx2 Build in Speaker
14870	SImmons 10x50 Red Line Binoculars	Truly one of the best set of optics out there at any price! I have used dozens of binoculars over the years, from Nikon to Zeiss; and the only major difference between the "top end" units and these are the price. The Simmons binoculars are excellent in optics quality, with individual focus capability, and excellent parallax correction built-in. the flexible union allows for most anyone, from a 10-year old, to a wide eyeset person to easily adjust them to "monocular view". My own Simmons Red Lines are older and 'roughed-up' a bit now, but let me tell you, they are tough! I have taken mine on many hunts, camp outs, and general forrays into the woods...and they, in all fairness, have been beaten, battered and abused far more than they ever should have...they still work like new! I don't know how 'waterproof or resistant' they were ever meant to be...or claimed to be, but mine have been rained on dozens of times...and they remained dry internally. For the money...you're getting ten-times what you're paying for. Taken care of, they really will last you a lifetime!	BrandXYZ Pro Sport 10x50 Wide Angle Porro Black Binoculars 899847
14890	rubber case for rebel T1i	As other reviewers stated the rubber case is not worth the effort. Not bad if you never want to change lens or use a tripod. By the time you change the lens the shot you want is gone. The product was shipped in the time listed, and arrived in good shape.	Kit includes:. ? 1) MADE Rubberized BrandXYZ for Canon Rebel XSi/ XS/ T1i. ? 2) LP-E5 Battery for Nikon. ? 3) Additional LP-E5 Battery for Nikon. ? 4) Power2000 Mini Battery Charger for Nikon LP-E5. ? 5) Digital Camera LCD Monitor Screen Protectors. ? 6) Precision Design Deluxe 6-Piece Lens & Digital SLR Camera Cleaning Kit. Custom Engineered for the Canon Rebel XSi/ XS/ T1i, BrandXYZ is an always on, protection system consisting of 6 parts: An. elastomeric silicone Body Armor, Base Plate, Tripo...
14891	MADE Rubberized Camera Armor Kit for Canon	The MADE Rubberized Camera Armor Kit offers a perfect blend of good accessories, such as two spare batteries; mini Charger; LCD screen protectors; and the 6-piece lens & camera cleaning kit. However, our Canon Rebel T1i would not fit comfortably within the armor; it appears the measurements are not an exact match to the camera.	Kit includes:. ? 1) MADE Rubberized BrandXYZ for Canon Rebel XSi/ XS/ T1i. ? 2) LP-E5 Battery for Nikon. ? 3) Additional LP-E5 Battery for Nikon. ? 4) Power2000 Mini Battery Charger for Nikon LP-E5. ? 5) Digital Camera LCD Monitor Screen Protectors. ? 6) Precision Design Deluxe 6-Piece Lens & Digital SLR Camera Cleaning Kit. Custom Engineered for the Canon Rebel XSi/ XS/ T1i, BrandXYZ is an always on, protection system consisting of 6 parts: An. elastomeric silicone Body Armor, Base Plate, Tripo...
14892	Car Charger doesn't work with included batteries	This kit comes with 2 batteries and a car charger that plugs into the cigarate lighter in the car. The problem is that the batteries don't fit the car charger. So the car charger is completely useless to me.	Kit includes:. ? 1) MADE Rubberized BrandXYZ for Canon Rebel XSi/ XS/ T1i. ? 2) LP-E5 Battery for Nikon. ? 3) Additional LP-E5 Battery for Nikon. ? 4) Power2000 Mini Battery Charger for Nikon LP-E5. ? 5) Digital Camera LCD Monitor Screen Protectors. ? 6) Precision Design Deluxe 6-Piece Lens & Digital SLR Camera Cleaning Kit. Custom Engineered for the Canon Rebel XSi/ XS/ T1i, BrandXYZ is an always on, protection system consisting of 6 parts: An. elastomeric silicone Body Armor, Base Plate, Tripo...
14893	Great Product	This is a really great product and well worth the added expense for the safety of the camera. Thank you for offering this kit.	Kit includes:. ? 1) MADE Rubberized BrandXYZ for Canon Rebel XSi/ XS/ T1i. ? 2) LP-E5 Battery for Nikon. ? 3) Additional LP-E5 Battery for Nikon. ? 4) Power2000 Mini Battery Charger for Nikon LP-E5. ? 5) Digital Camera LCD Monitor Screen Protectors. ? 6) Precision Design Deluxe 6-Piece Lens & Digital SLR Camera Cleaning Kit. Custom Engineered for the Canon Rebel XSi/ XS/ T1i, BrandXYZ is an always on, protection system consisting of 6 parts: An. elastomeric silicone Body Armor, Base Plate, Tripo...
14901	Does what it says, but do you need it?	This tiny camera delivers as advertised, but you may not need it. I use it kayaking (touring, not whitewater), but I take along another camera for what I hope are better pictures. After you mount the camera, you have no control over what it sees. I set mine for a photo every 5 seconds; it can take slightly over 1900 shots in that mode. Because of the fixed position on the kayak, the boat motion, and some wobbling in the camera mount, many photos will not be in focus. If the interesting scenery is not where the camera is pointed, tough luck. You also have to be careful that you have started the camera with the setting you want, as there is no audible feedback nor any meaningful setting display on the lcd. However, with a little practice you should be able to get the setting you want, even though it would be quite helpful to have the camera give some feedback. Some of my photos come out well, particularly if the sun is in the proper position (bright sunshine can be a problem). I use Picasa to move the photos to my pc, and all of that works automatically. Just remember that moving nearly 2000 photos can take some time. Everybody says the camera eats the AAA batteries, so I change mine every 2-3 hours. The wide angle lens produces photos with the fishbowl effect at the edges, but you will probably always crop that out anyway. You will need a mount for it, and I advise a tether as well (I use a paddle leash).	The Surf HERO is a quick release board-mountable mini digital camera. Shoot 56 minutes of video with sound or 5 megapixel photos automatically for over an hour while you surf. Waterproof to 100 ft. Also comes with oversized stick-on mount for extreme surfing, kayakying etc. Mega holding power. Included are a stick-on baseplate and FCS compatible plug mounting system. Both systems allow the camera to be quickly attached and removed from your surfboard.
14902	Overall good camera for action vids.	I've been using this camera for scooter ride videos and it works great. Accidentally got the surf one, but modified the mounts to fit, one on my helmet and on the air filter box pointing backwards. Both angles make a cool video, but the one actually attached to the bike can get a little distorted due to engine vibration. It takes cool wide angle still photos too, looks almost like a fish-eye lens. Only problem I have is it makes everything look farther away than it is, so it takes some getting used to. Haven't tried taking pictures underwater yet, but it is definitely waterproof. Other than that, I'm very satisfied with this product.	The Surf HERO is a quick release board-mountable mini digital camera. Shoot 56 minutes of video with sound or 5 megapixel photos automatically for over an hour while you surf. Waterproof to 100 ft. Also comes with oversized stick-on mount for extreme surfing, kayakying etc. Mega holding power. Included are a stick-on baseplate and FCS compatible plug mounting system. Both systems allow the camera to be quickly attached and removed from your surfboard.
14903	Great product.	I got this for father's day this year and quickly put it on my longboard. I love the videos it produces. Everything was pretty easy to set up. It does eat up batteries, but that is ok. The video quality is excellent. I've already recommended this to a number of friends. [...]	The Surf HERO is a quick release board-mountable mini digital camera. Shoot 56 minutes of video with sound or 5 megapixel photos automatically for over an hour while you surf. Waterproof to 100 ft. Also comes with oversized stick-on mount for extreme surfing, kayakying etc. Mega holding power. Included are a stick-on baseplate and FCS compatible plug mounting system. Both systems allow the camera to be quickly attached and removed from your surfboard.
14894	Better than the OEM battery	Intro: This battery works much better than the original Lenovo battery ever did; the OEM battery has a well-known design flaw which Lenovo never publicly owned up to, which triggers a protection circuit on the motherboard which in turn requires an odd reset procedure. Once this protection feature is triggered the notebook will shut down randomly, even on AC with the battery removed. I was about to order a new motherboard for my notebook until I came across that anecdote about resetting this fault. I tried the reset procedure and confirmed the issue was the battery monitor PCB, so I left the battery out and searched for a non-Lenovo replacement battery. I was skeptical at first about this battery when I saw the price (it's a nine-cell extended capacity battery) but I decided to give a shot: it couldn't be any worse than the original lenovo battery. BrainyDeal took a couple of days to ship it out (I was shooting for getting it before the weekend) but when it finally arrived I was pleased to see the battery fit well; it's not a perfect fit, and is obviously a reproduction made from making molds from an OEM battery (the seams are a lot more visible), but it fits a heck of a lot better than other third-party batteries I've used in the past - and the OEM Lenovo batteries are so problematic that style is not even a concern. I just want the notebook to run without shutting down randomly, There was a slight charge on the battery when I received it but I did not run it until it charged fully. I then ran it for over two hours once charged (to verify life was decent) and it worked perfectly with kpowersaved (one of Linux's APM/ACPI monitoring/configuration apps) and the battery seems to offer decent battery life. About Lithium-Ion Batteries One is not supposed to deep cycle li-ion batteries often; they have the longest service life when not cycled below 30% charge but I tend to deep cycle them once in a while ; never run down to critically low but a little lower than 30%. The first time I used it as a portable I ran it down to approximately 50% and the life to that point was fairly decent, and I was running a 3D desktop so the discrete video card was working fairly hard at that point. Obviously the extended capacity in this battery lives up to BrainyDeal's promise. Just make sure you at least partially drain the batteries every few days; if even just a few minutes. Continually charging the battery to 100% without ever discharging it will kill the battery just as quickly as deep-cycling it. Also, do not believe the hype about "battery memory" as Lithium-Ion batteries do not exhibit this phenomenon to any noticeable extent. There is no need to drain the battery completely; in fact partial discharges and slow recharges will greatly extend the usable lifetime and capacity of the battery. Fit and finish I mentioned that the shell for this battery appears to be a reproduction unit. What I mean by this is that the shells are not molded from the orginal tooling, but the third-party's mold was probably made from a disassembled production battery. On the mating side of the battery (the connector side which meets the notebook) the fit is tight with no slack, so in that respect it is every bit as good as the Lenovo batteries made from their own tooling. The outside is another matter: the shell is slightly out of alignmnent from the chassis, and the battery seams are more visible than they are on the genuine Lenovo battery. Why choose BrainyDeal over Lenovo? The original Lenovo batteries have unacknowledged design defects. They are faulty from the factory. If you are choosing between more expensive original Lenovo batteries or these cost-effective replacements, take it from me: these generic batteries work better than Lenovo's own batteries. They are well worth the money, and let's face it: your notebook is a tool, not a fashion statement. No one is going to notice the minor flaws in fit-and-finish on the battery, and you will appreciate every moment of extended runtime when you're putting those last-minute touches on your presentation before your plane lands! My Experience to date: * I have cycled it down to 50% or so one time. It takes at least two hours to reach that state, running the compiz-fusion + KDE desktop on OpenSuSE Linux * I have cycled it down to 80% several times * I suspend to RAM very often * Boot-up is the killer: booting up or rebooting will take 2% right off the charge because it is so heavily I/O and CPU intensive. If you are going to be working on the go and dual-book, select your OS and boot up before you unplug, and suspend to RAM. My configuration: Lenovo 3000 N100, type 0768-E7U Core 2 duo, T7200 (2.00Ghz) 120GB HDD (older one, more power hungry than newer drives) 2GB RAM Discrete Nvidia display card So, my notebook is a little bit of a power hog. Swapping out the drive for a newer one would gain additional runtime, as would the 3000 models with integrated Intel video. I have had the battery for several days now and wanted to cycle it the way I normally would prior to writing the review. I am extremely satisfied with this battery.	[Name] Battery For IBM Lenovo 3000 N100 Series Lenovo C200 3000 series [Fit model] IBM Lenovo 3000 N100 Series Lenovo C200 3000 series [Replace] FRU 42T4514 [Voltage(V)] 10.8 [Capacity(mAh)] 6600 [Cell] 9 [N.W(g)] 475g [Color] Silver [Type] Li-ion Replacement For: FRU 42T4514, FRU 42T4516, FRU 42T5212, FRU 42T5256, FRU 92P1184, ASM 42T5213, FRU 92P1186, ASM 92P1185, 40Y8315, 40Y8322 Fit Machine Models: 3000 N100 0768, 3000 C200 8922, 3000 N200, Lenovo 3000 N200, 3000 N100 0689, 3000 N100 Series,...
14895	Cheap Plastic casing but hoping battery will last long...	I just recd battery by UPS ground which was right on time as mentioned on the order. Opened the box and found no certificates as mentioned on the amazon product page. Plastic casing of the battery is little loose and clicking. I am afraid the outer casing might not last long (keeping my fingers crossed). It looks like cheap quality of plastic casing has been used. Hopefully the cells of the battery will last long. I am overall not too happy with the delivered quality as of now. Will update my review after I use this battery for some more days... I am hoping for the best	[Name] Battery For IBM Lenovo 3000 N100 Series Lenovo C200 3000 series [Fit model] IBM Lenovo 3000 N100 Series Lenovo C200 3000 series [Replace] FRU 42T4514 [Voltage(V)] 10.8 [Capacity(mAh)] 6600 [Cell] 9 [N.W(g)] 475g [Color] Silver [Type] Li-ion Replacement For: FRU 42T4514, FRU 42T4516, FRU 42T5212, FRU 42T5256, FRU 92P1184, ASM 42T5213, FRU 92P1186, ASM 92P1185, 40Y8315, 40Y8322 Fit Machine Models: 3000 N100 0768, 3000 C200 8922, 3000 N200, Lenovo 3000 N200, 3000 N100 0689, 3000 N100 Series,...
14908	Vivid digital photo frame with calendar/clock.	I bought this item because it was top rated by Consumer's Reports, and it has lived up to expectations. Also, when I had to contact their support people because my photos were not displaying in proper sort order, they responded quickly and with detailed instructions. (The problem turned out to be some corrupted files at my end, so the product wasn't at fault.) My single fairly minor complaint is that when switching between a display of photos only (slideshow mode) vs. photos plus calendar/clock (clock mode), the slideshow sequence reverts to the beginning. It would be nice if you could take a quick look at the date and time without always going back to the first photo. This is especially true since the photo size is quite a bit smaller when sharing the screen with the calendar/clock, so we generally prefer slideshow mode.	The MF-1041 comes with a glossy piano black faceplate, an ultra slim modern body and a chrome metal stand, making for a sophisticated look right out of the box. A unique feature of the MemoryFRAME ULTRA series is that these products are designed to match any d?cor. The unit features interchangeable magnetic faceplates and is compatible with ready-made frames, available at any frame or home d?cor store. There is an additional ivory art quality paper matte and an Espresso wood frame, allowing the ...
14909	Lots of issues, but I cant argue with the price	Let me start by saying that I have nothing to compare this to as i have never had a digital frame before. And I will say also, i love the size, price and look of it. Now, onto the criticism. As with another reviewer, the remote does not work. i went out and bought a new battery, but no luck. Since the onboard memory is small, we bought a memory stick and began loading all the pics onto that. I recommend doing this not via the frame as it will be much slower (not USB 2.0). However, when i turn on the frame, it will not default to displaying the pics on the stick even after i removed all the pics on the built in memory. In other words, you need to fiddle with it after you turn it on. It would be great if it remembered what it was last doing when powered off. I also found that i needed to reduce (export to 800 pixels), the pictures in order for them not to "flash" (display off color) sometimes, and even in the small version, I have seen an occasional flash. Additionaly, just as with the large size pics, video seems like a no go, perhaps not enough RAM on it? With all that said, it looks nice on display so perhaps for the price, it may still be worth it, not being familiar with how many of my issues are solved in the more expensive ones.	The MF-1041 comes with a glossy piano black faceplate, an ultra slim modern body and a chrome metal stand, making for a sophisticated look right out of the box. A unique feature of the MemoryFRAME ULTRA series is that these products are designed to match any d?cor. The unit features interchangeable magnetic faceplates and is compatible with ready-made frames, available at any frame or home d?cor store. There is an additional ivory art quality paper matte and an Espresso wood frame, allowing the ...
14910	Good value	There are hundreds of choices in the digital picture frame world. Digital Spectrum met my needs - budget, size, capability. I wanted a large, 3X4 format frame with the ability to play background music. A knowledgeable and responsive technical assistance link was a bonus. Simple, flexible, functional. I really like it.	The MF-1041 comes with a glossy piano black faceplate, an ultra slim modern body and a chrome metal stand, making for a sophisticated look right out of the box. A unique feature of the MemoryFRAME ULTRA series is that these products are designed to match any d?cor. The unit features interchangeable magnetic faceplates and is compatible with ready-made frames, available at any frame or home d?cor store. There is an additional ivory art quality paper matte and an Espresso wood frame, allowing the ...
14911	Excellent value	I purchased this as a gift, so I spent two days loading up a memory card and playing with the frame before gift wrapping. As a picture frame it is straight forward. I used iPhoto to export an album (using medium size) to a memory card, plugged the card in the frame and it starts with the first picture from the memory card, no additional work required. Sitting a few feet away from the frame and pictures look great. I own a 7" phillips frame and while it works good, it's nothing like having a 10" frame. I was hoping to find a frame that supported video also. This one does, but there's room for improvement. The frame requires you to pick whether it is in photo mode, video mode and other modes which I didn't try, i.e. audio and I think calendar mode. It would be nice if somebody would release a digital frame that treats video files as it does photo files, allowing them to be displayed as part of the same "slide show". To display video with this frame you change to video mode and then it works like photo mode in that you can have it display one video after another. My issue is with the supported video formats. The manual, websites, box, etc all state AVI and MPEG support. However, there's no indication of which codecs to use, so you're left guessing. Video files from my Canon SD870 (VGA) worked perfectly fine. However, when I tried to take video from other sources and export them, they didn't work so well. The only other format which I got to work, was MPEG 1 (QVGA). If I had more time I'm sure I could have figured out which export setting to use but it shouldn't be so hard to get this information. Since I was trying several different video formats I spent a lot of time turning the frame on and off and therefore did get to use the remote. It worked fine for me, but then I was directly in front of the frame. It has a bunch of settings, but I didn't have enough time to explore them as I spent all my time trying to figure out which video format to use! Don't remember if it has a random mode. You can adjust the picture settings, i.e. color, brightness, etc. In summary, as a photo frame, it worked perfectly fine for me. As a video frame, it worked fine as long as you have the correct video format. The video plays back very well and with decent volume that can be controlled via the remote. Despite the flaws with video, I still recommend the product based on the large frame and price.	The MF-1041 comes with a glossy piano black faceplate, an ultra slim modern body and a chrome metal stand, making for a sophisticated look right out of the box. A unique feature of the MemoryFRAME ULTRA series is that these products are designed to match any d?cor. The unit features interchangeable magnetic faceplates and is compatible with ready-made frames, available at any frame or home d?cor store. There is an additional ivory art quality paper matte and an Espresso wood frame, allowing the ...
14912	I don't do reviews...BUT	I'm impressed with the quality of the unit and the number of options. Very easy to setup and use. Display quality is excellent. I didn't expect to use the remote but it turns out to be handy.(pun intended) I haven't had the unit long so I can't address long term reliability. I'm a geek, so I have a homemade frame I made with linux and an old laptop. It's very capable but this frame is amazing for the price and it's going to my Mom...This one is a no-brainer, get it....	The MF-1041 comes with a glossy piano black faceplate, an ultra slim modern body and a chrome metal stand, making for a sophisticated look right out of the box. A unique feature of the MemoryFRAME ULTRA series is that these products are designed to match any d?cor. The unit features interchangeable magnetic faceplates and is compatible with ready-made frames, available at any frame or home d?cor store. There is an additional ivory art quality paper matte and an Espresso wood frame, allowing the ...
14913	Useless	This is not my first fingerprint reader. This is not even my first digital persona reader. How on earth can a company sell something without the software needed to use it? If you call they say, the software is extra. How does this seller feel he doesnt have to include that little detail in his listing? I paid for expedited shipping and not an sitting and waiting with a useless paper weight until I hear back from the seller. Like I didnt have something better to do with my time and the hundred bucks this is going to cost me including shipping, software, etc. When is the last time you bought a caar but found out after you received it that the keys were extra.	U.are.U 4500 Reader 70" Cable
14914	Very Easy and accurate	this is a great reader. it works on vista 32 and 64. it does NOT requiire finger swiping, just a touch on the reader. I recommend it highly! God is Gracious, Andrew	U.are.U 4500 Reader 70" Cable
14915	Is this a Joke	I received the 4500 Reader with NO SOFTWARE. Why would someone sell something without the software? Any hardware or accessory that I have ever purchased for my computers have always came with the Drivers and Software that is required to run the piece of hardware. Surely this is a joke or a error but looking at the last review, it looks like its a sneaky underhanded seller who obviously and deliberately omitted the fact that this item does not come with any software and that this costs extra. If this turns out to be the case (I have a call in to Computer Brain to see where the software is and am still waiting on a reply) I will be returning this item and reporting Computer Brain to the Better Business Bureau and also to Amazon. This remains to be seen. Unhappy and NON RETURNING CUSTOMER	U.are.U 4500 Reader 70" Cable
14917	Nice Design but Missing Parts	Upon receiving this item I noticed that the box was not sealed properly. The sides of the box were open. Observation says that this may have been a return once before. I read the manual and the exploded view of the item with the intention of accounting for all of the parts. I was missing a screw and a round nut that secures the top. I am surprised that after dealing with Amazon for at least 15 years that they would send me an item in such a condition. I can return the item but that is a hassle. I have no option but to try and contact the manufacture for the missing parts, as I don't want the lid vibrating and creating noise. Other than Amazon's less than satisfactory quality control, I am pleased to say that this case is well designed. The reviews based on the Moncaso are accurate. This box is designed for room (worth the compromise and the forfeiting of a pc tower), and cooling efficiency (there are openings where the harrdives are installed and where 80mm fans can be installed). However, if you are going to install a nvidia gtx295, you will sacrifice the front display screen because it cannot run High Definition. Unless! You find a video connector adapter and reduce the screen resolution of the video card. Update: I e-mailed Moneual about the missing parts. The very next day they e-mailed me telling me that the parts are in the mail! Awesome dude or dudette!	Build your own home theatre PC, state of the art media center in the trendy Silver BrandXYZ 972 HT/PC case and become the envy of all your friends. This case will compliment its' surroundings while allowing you to personalize your home theatre PC with the components of your choice using the flexible layout provided. The highlight of the MC972 is the 100% Aluminum hydraulic door, for 100% WOW factor. Specifications are as follows: Case Type: Home Theatre PC; Case Dimension: 17w X 18.5d X 6.75h; C...
14921	What a wonderful idea	When I first opened the box to this product, I knew this was a quality item. Then I opened the owners manual and I knew that I was on my own for any setup and technical issues, and this was confirmed when I sneeaked a look at the MediaGate site and saw that their idea of technical support was to post in a forum. I'm a computer nerd, so I wasn't scared, but if you are not a computer nerd, don't expect to be able to easily set this up or solve any problems that come up. After setting it up, I played every type of media file I could find on my computer as a test of it's ability. It performed very well. I was even able to wirelessly stream video from an external USB hard drive without any glitches! One of only three issues I found while doing this was with large WAV files, which would play halfway through and then stop. I'm not sure why that is, but I also do not have the latest firmware version installed yet. Then there was the issue with certain VOB files, since MediaGate detected the english subtitles but did not detect the chinese subtitles. Finally there was the issue with the Server window, which if you tried to resize, would snap into a fixed size. This worked fine on my WinXP laptop, but made some application controls inaccessible on my WinVista desktop. I thought about changing my screen resolution from 2560x1600 to something smaller and trying to resize it again so that it would snap to a new size, but I haven't tried that yet. I consider all these issues to be minor problems that can eventually be worked around, so I'm not going to complain too loudly, since I am very happy with everything else. So while I would recommend this product to any hi-tech gadget freak or computer enthusiast, if you are not already a computer nerd, I would recommend finding one before trying to set this up.	Network Multimedia Center - Digital Multimedia Player/Streamer. Supports SATA HD, Full HD, 1080P output, 10/100 LAN, 802.11N UPnP compliant, Watch Movies, View Photos, or Play Music on your television.
14922	Works great for me :)	former mg-350, and PCH A-100 owner here!!! i gots to say i have read reviews on this unit before i purchased. it is not the most perfect machine out there but it does what i need it to do. i remember ebaying my PCH A-100 and wondering what other box will play my .MKV files... AND THE mg800 DOES!!! it plays my .MKV files, .avi files, x.264!!!! and has a web browser. tho the web browser can use some work its a nice niffty feature becuase you can plug a wireless usb keyboard/mouse and surf the net :) I LOVE THIS MACHINE. one thing i wish they add is a youtube better becuase its difficult to watcch the youtube videos the way its setup. and wish it had component video input/output...but it does have hdmi. i think the other user did not do a firmware update because i have yet to have issues yet... "knock on wood"	Network Multimedia Center - Digital Multimedia Player/Streamer. Supports SATA HD, Full HD, 1080P output, 10/100 LAN, 802.11N UPnP compliant, Watch Movies, View Photos, or Play Music on your television.
14923	Pretty awesome Media Boxr!!!	Hi Everyone, I was a little skeptical when I was first researching the product, but upon further review and speaking to their forum moderator (Dawiki) it appears all the previous bugs and issues had been fixed. So I was ready to purchase a unit, found it for $249. When I first opened up the package it was a black unit with a led display (very appealing to the eyes). I plugged in my HDMI and popped in a 750GB SATA HDD and thing loaded up with ease, ran through the wizard and was able to see my hard drive. First thing I saw was multiple icons, My Media, Setup, WWW, and iMedia. I was able to play back all my iso files, mkv files, and avi files!!!! Hooray!!!! One thing I had issues was DTS, it would not playback DTS files without the usage of my audio receiver...but besides that everything worked like a CHARM!!! It was actually confirmed by "Dakiwi" that the DTS issue has been looked into and could be address very soon!!! Upon further navigation of the system, I saw you can download using BT!?!?!!? Awesome!!!(Even though illegal downloading is not prohibited), Youtube and a Web BRowser.. The web browser is actually kind of a pointless feature, as the browser is so simple and not very functional in terms of hardcore web surfing. The only thing I haven't tried yet was the networkign using WiFi N. From the sounds of it there might be a little hipcup using it and network sharing, but I am still awaiting for my new Wireless N router and then I can test out this badboy. I will update my review after. But other then that I Love this Machine!!! I would have given it a 5* if it wasn't for the DTS, and Web Browser. But I must say I love this machine and am so glad to have bought one!	Network Multimedia Center - Digital Multimedia Player/Streamer. Supports SATA HD, Full HD, 1080P output, 10/100 LAN, 802.11N UPnP compliant, Watch Movies, View Photos, or Play Music on your television.
14924	Just Not Worth the $300	As I write this, I have to tell you I am a huge Mediagate fan. I have had the MG-25 for over 3 years and love it. It does exactly what it purports to do with little or no grief, and certainly has it's shortcomings but for the price point of the product is, in my opinion, a great value. So after a friend's glowing review I was really looking forward to deploying the MG-800HD in my network and solving a persistent problem of getting my UPNP server content to my HDTV without file copies and the like. I ordered this unit and a WD Caviar Green 500GB hard drive and proceeded to build it, loading the latest firmware from Mediagate in the process. There are a lot of cool features like web browsing built into the latest firmware and although I am skeptical that people are going to buy this thing to hook up a KVM and surf the web, it is nice to see they are adding functionality. Things that worked well: -Streaming capability from a UPNP source (painless) -Wireless setup fast and easy, even for WPA2 network -Good format support (as expected) -Remote has good range and is laid out fairly well -Lots of ways to access your content (network, USB, local HD if installed) Things that did not work well: -UI experience is cheap and unpolished -Wireless transfer of files using device as a repository very flakey -System stability issues/lockups/freezes Unfortunately, I had several problems with NAS performance over wireless that doesn't occur with other devices I operate on my network. Random dropouts, the inability to copy even moderately-large files without hangups, and having to hard reset the system to get it to recognize the new files at times. In the final analysis, I liked some of what was provided with this device, but needless to say, I promptly sent it back. A device this expensive needs to slam dunk all of the features and for me, my $300 was better spent elsewhere. If you have a slingbox at home, I would highly suggest looking at the Slingcatcher instead of this device. With the latest firmware update it does almost everything this device does (sans the local hard drive) and gets it done in a much more elegant, polished way. Add to that the Sling capability and it was a slam dunk for me. You can have that plus a wireless bridge solution for ~$260.00USD.	Network Multimedia Center - Digital Multimedia Player/Streamer. Supports SATA HD, Full HD, 1080P output, 10/100 LAN, 802.11N UPnP compliant, Watch Movies, View Photos, or Play Music on your television.
14925	MediaGate 800-HD	Really like this product. Very easy to setup and get running. Comes with Wi-Fi but for downloading movies to the hard drive or streaming from your computer the wired networking workes the best. The unit doesn't come with a Hard drive but one should be ordered. SATA Have yet to find a website that streaming is compatable with the unit. Also the web browser is a little clunky.	Network Multimedia Center - Digital Multimedia Player/Streamer. Supports SATA HD, Full HD, 1080P output, 10/100 LAN, 802.11N UPnP compliant, Watch Movies, View Photos, or Play Music on your television.
14926	Still in beta testing	MG-800HD is not an improvement of the previous model (MG-450HD): it's not made by the same group, "different language spec": keep this in mind when reading it. This unit should stay in beta test and not rush to public use as yet. Still many bugs and poor performance. I have one and regret that I purchased it too early. It cannot play half of my media collections: hiccup on video streaming, cannot toggle audio track, no DD audio on HDMI, cannot decode dts audio codec, no 5Ghz N-draft wireless...etc. Visit the site mediagateusa/forum before you buy one. It's NOT for normal user just yet. P.L	Network Multimedia Center - Digital Multimedia Player/Streamer. Supports SATA HD, Full HD, 1080P output, 10/100 LAN, 802.11N UPnP compliant, Watch Movies, View Photos, or Play Music on your television.
14927	So much promise, so little delivery	I was really anticipating the purchase of this product. I'd owned the MG350 and found it adequate, but ok for the technology of its time. So I was really excited to hear the next generation of this product had been released especially with the published specifications of the unit. The product arrived, and that was about as good as it got. The Seagate (1TB) I specifically purchased to install into the unit didn't work, even though it was the preferred Hard Drive on the Amazon page, don't waste your money. Don't get me wrong the Hard Drive is fine (tested in two other PC's), it just doesn't work in this unit, apparently MediaGate forums identified power issues (however I haven't seen a published list yet of certified drives). I upgraded firmware and whilst it eliminated existing problems it introduced a series of new problems, I removed the new Seagate Hard Drive and replaced with a smaller Seagate Hard Drive (320G) on hand, at least the excruciating click and crunching noises stopped, but the unit was still unresponsive, would work, then stop and freeze. The unit overheats, basically the heat sink is at the top of the unit, bad idea for a consumer electronics product that sits in a lounge room, would probably be okay for the average computer geek in their dark room, but not in a common area. Its just a really bad consumer product, its still an experimental techie's toy, something you need to be able to diagnose, update firmware on, swap out drives and changes settings constantly. At best its a beta product and certainly a product that shouldn't be sold to an average consumer on Amazon. My love of technology will allow me to persevere with the unit, I'm replacing the two Seagate Hard Drives with a new Western Digital (low power) drive, with any luck that will work and of course I will dutifully wait for another firmware release and hope the myriad of bugs get ironed out. For the average joe consumer, really only interested in switching on and using what on paper seems to be one of the best home entertainment media players on the market, a word of warning, stay away.	Network Multimedia Center - Digital Multimedia Player/Streamer. Supports SATA HD, Full HD, 1080P output, 10/100 LAN, 802.11N UPnP compliant, Watch Movies, View Photos, or Play Music on your television.
14929	Fills My Needs Perfectly	My first 800 came DOA with a faulty power connector. Replaced within four days by MediaGate. Unless you are a private detective or an FBI agent, forget about finding a live tech support person, though -- its all in a support forum, although I was helped really quickly through it. When I got a working one, the setup was a snap and worked great right out of the box. I have a hard-wired Gigabit network with CAT6 cable, so I expected there to be no streaming problems over the network. This unit really does everything its supposed to. I load all my movies on the installed drive, and stream them all over the house. It plays my music from my iTunes directory although it does not have a "shuffle" type function. I have only come accross one video file that it can't play -- some sort of WMV hi-def file. However, this unit runs HOT. I have a Seagate 1 Terabyte drive installed, and I actually put a refrigerated plastic water bottle on it to dissipate the heat or the unit freezes up after a while. You cannot leave it on all the time or you will fry it. After it freezes up, you have to reboot it and try again, which is a pain. There are minor glitches, such as hitting play, and the TV goes dark with a "looking for signals" notice until the MediaGate starts playing, but considering the other benefits, its just worth noting, not complainig about. I am buying another one for another TV to put that one on the network, so I guess that says it all.	Network Multimedia Center - Digital Multimedia Player/Streamer. Supports SATA HD, Full HD, 1080P output, 10/100 LAN, 802.11N UPnP compliant, Watch Movies, View Photos, or Play Music on your television.
14930	MediaGate MG-800HD is NOT for Karaoke	I visited two of my relatives and sang karaoke songs from their MediaGate MG-25 and MG-35 models, and I was so impressed with the products from MediaGate. As a result, I searched for a newer model from MediaGate for my own, and I found MediaGate MG-800HD. I purchased it, and that was a mistake. I was very disappointed with at least two major flaws that I will describe below. First, while singing a karaoke song from an internal hard drive of the MG-800HD, I pressed the "audio" button on the remote control to switch the audio track from a "with-vocal" track to a "music-only" track, and the video stream paused for about 5 seconds then skipped/jumped, interrupting the singing. Frankly, the older models do have a little jerk during the track switching, but it is very brief (only a fraction of a second). This flaw is INTOLERABLE for karaoke singing. (Actually, I bought the player without an internal hard drive, and I played videos from my external drive. I thought that the external connection caused the slowness. So, I purchased and installed an internal hard drive, but that did not help.) Second, when I pressed the "next" button on the remote control to skip to the next track/chapter, the player began playing arbitrarily somewhere in the middle of the song. I had no way to jump back to the exact beginning of the song, and I had to use the fast rewind to go back. You know what? Oops! It went too far to the previous chapter. It is realy anoying. This flaw applies to any videos, movies, or karaoke songs. I downloaded and updated the firmware, and those two problems did not get fixed. By the way, the downloading experience was terrible, too. The company did not posted firmware supports for this model. I googled and found the support blog. Although a support person was nice enough to share his firmware files via his personally-paid download site, and I greatly appreciate, MediaGate's lack of such download service makes the company so unprofessional. So, if you are looking for a player for singing karaoke music, you should hold it off until the company addresses these issues.	Network Multimedia Center - Digital Multimedia Player/Streamer. Supports SATA HD, Full HD, 1080P output, 10/100 LAN, 802.11N UPnP compliant, Watch Movies, View Photos, or Play Music on your television.
14931	Great one, Apple Tv outta the way!	I download a lot of movies and musics on my computer with h.264 format and some HD file, this device play flawless on my LG 1080p 42" screen, the setup was easy, and wireless N stream my file to TV with only few sec buffing time, and it came with 1 HDMI cable which most people don't include, I will buy another one for my friend as X'mas gift.	Network Multimedia Center - Digital Multimedia Player/Streamer. Supports SATA HD, Full HD, 1080P output, 10/100 LAN, 802.11N UPnP compliant, Watch Movies, View Photos, or Play Music on your television.
14935	Great deal, slow delivery	This was a great deal on genuine HP ink cartridges rather than third party brands which don't always function well. The expiration date on the package is well into the future so that's not a concern. My only complaint was that processing and delivery was slower than my experience with most other Amazon products. Having said that, I would purchase this item again.	Hp 56/56/57 inkjet cartridges combo pack designed for use with 450 5150 7450 7960 4215 and 1350. Offers up to an 450-page yield @ 5% coverage per 56 cartridge; 400-page yield @ 5% coverage per 57 cartridge. Includes two 56 (black) and one 57 (tri-color) cartridge plus one 5-sheet photo value pack
14936	Purchase	The cartridges are what I ordered, with good expiration dates. so I'm very happy. I haven't used them yet. I feel that they'll be fine. A very quick delivery. Good seller	Hp 56/56/57 inkjet cartridges combo pack designed for use with 450 5150 7450 7960 4215 and 1350. Offers up to an 450-page yield @ 5% coverage per 56 cartridge; 400-page yield @ 5% coverage per 57 cartridge. Includes two 56 (black) and one 57 (tri-color) cartridge plus one 5-sheet photo value pack
14937	Very Pleased!	I'm very, very pleased with the speed of delivery and the quality! I'll be ordering from here again!!!	Hp 56/56/57 inkjet cartridges combo pack designed for use with 450 5150 7450 7960 4215 and 1350. Offers up to an 450-page yield @ 5% coverage per 56 cartridge; 400-page yield @ 5% coverage per 57 cartridge. Includes two 56 (black) and one 57 (tri-color) cartridge plus one 5-sheet photo value pack
14938	It's just ink	It's just ink but it is convenient getting two black cartridges with a tri-color cartidge if you do a lot of plain document printing.	Hp 56/56/57 inkjet cartridges combo pack designed for use with 450 5150 7450 7960 4215 and 1350. Offers up to an 450-page yield @ 5% coverage per 56 cartridge; 400-page yield @ 5% coverage per 57 cartridge. Includes two 56 (black) and one 57 (tri-color) cartridge plus one 5-sheet photo value pack
14939	Very nice bag for my MacBook Pro, 15.4"	The MacBook Pro 15.4" fits in this bag with a some room to spare. Love the colors, the neoprene is reasonably thick, and the strap is padded. Roomy exterior pocket, definitely large enough to hold the charger and a few other small items.	Built's Wide Laptop Portfolio is sleek and elegant. It will accommodate most 15.4-Inch notebooks. It streamlines the transport of your laptop. It?s composed of extra-thick durable neoprene, which will provide maximum protection for your notebook. With its unique bone shape, it conforms to the size of your computer and creates an instant, built-in bumper system for extra protection. It features BrandXYZ?s exclusive Shark Gill Grips, on the sides, for sure and secure gripping and handling. Carry u...
14940	Great bag for the price.	This is a nice bag. I bought it for my Dell Studio 15. It fits like a glove and matches the plum/purple color of the Dell perfectly. I have had it for about 6 weeks and with daily constant use it has done well. The stitching on the zipper has pulled a littrle but has not torn.	Built's Wide Laptop Portfolio is sleek and elegant. It will accommodate most 15.4-Inch notebooks. It streamlines the transport of your laptop. It?s composed of extra-thick durable neoprene, which will provide maximum protection for your notebook. With its unique bone shape, it conforms to the size of your computer and creates an instant, built-in bumper system for extra protection. It features BrandXYZ?s exclusive Shark Gill Grips, on the sides, for sure and secure gripping and handling. Carry u...
14976	Stand by the X Factor	When I first came across the Xtand Pro from Just Mobile I thought it was just another overpriced gimmick. After all, it's just a stand. I have bought my share of laptop stands over the years and I have constantly been disappointed in how they work. They typically do not support the computer, scratch the case, or put it at such an angle as to make it impossible to use. So when I looked a the Xtand Pro my expectations were that I would yet again be disappointed. When the package arrived, I opened the box and was immediately impressed at how well thought out the packaging was. Rather than just a cardboard box with a bag of screws and a few pieces of metal I got the feeling that I had just purchased a build it yourself sculpture. The Xtand Pro came with two sized risers that raise the computer off the desktop. With the lower riser you are still able to use the laptop keyboard comfortably and fairly ergonomically. It is slightly more inclined than an external keyboard but still very usable. The construction of the Xtand Pro makes it very sturdy even when typing and using the trackpad so I never felt as though the laptop would come tumbling off the stand. I traded out the smaller riser for the taller one that put the laptop screen on equal height with my external monitor. This had the immediate benefit of making my workstation area more ergonomic when glancing between the two monitors. The Xtand Pro with the taller riser does make it more difficult to type on the laptop keyboard but is the perfect height if you use an external keyboard when at your desk. The large base on the Xtand Pro makes the whole stand very stable and solid. The aluminum construction matches the case of my computer and fits right in with the style of my other desktop components. The stand comes with rubberized feet on the laptop platform which protect the computer case from any damage when placed on the stand. After using this stand for 6 weeks I can honestly say it is probably the last laptop stand I will buy. It works perfectly well for my desktop arrangement, protects my laptop, makes my work area more ergonomic, and it gives the laptop a stable surface while featuring a stylish platform. It also allows my laptop to have better air circulation making it cooler to the touch. Finally after several tries I have found a stand that not only works well but adds style to my desk.	BrandXYZ Xtand Pro is a stylish, sturdy notebook computer stand that is made of solid aluminum, matching the metal finish of the MacBook.The Xtand Pro provides two user-adjustable heights for ergonomic comfort. The high-level raises the notebook to the same level as your eye to reduce body fatigue and muscle pains. In this position, it is best when used with external keyboard and mouse. The low-level raises the notebook computer just high enough for you to continue to use the notebook keyboard a...
14977	Almost Perfect	This product should be a 5 star except for the following two shortcomings: #1. When I place my MBP 15 inch on the Xstand in the closed position and then I attempt to open it by lifting the screen up from the front, it has a tendency to tip over backwards unless I hold it down with the other hand. The base of the xStand should have been better designed to account for this problem. I only used the xStand with the longer riser bar so this may not be an issue with the much shorter additional bar that comes with it, since the point of gravity is much lower also. I don't know if this is an issue with the 13 in or 17 in Macbook Pros -or with any other laptop for that matter - as I only have the 15 in version. #2. This is less of a problem than the above but still worth mentioning. When I have the MBP on the xStand and I look at it carefully from the side, I notice that the MBP doesn't even make contact with the horizontal rubber pads on the front of the xStand, due to the slightly curved shape of the bottom/edge of the unibody, so the laptop sits right on the aluminum part which kind of defeats the purpose of having little rubber pads in the first place. These rubber pads I'm talking about are not the ones that rest vertically on the inside lip of the xStand. Not a terrible problem - and I haven't noticed any scratches so far - but at this price level for a laptop stand I believe it should NOT have been overlooked especially since the problem could've been avoided just by moving the rubber pads back about a half inch on the xStand. Having said all that, the xStand Pro is still a very high quality product and it matches the color of the aluminum Macbooks so well that it makes for a very sharp looking combination. I am looking for an additional stand for the bedroom setup but I am considering the mStand by Rain Design this time, especially for the much lower price. Hope this helps. I felt I should note that I would buy this product again for the looks alone, if there were no other potentially better alternatives.	BrandXYZ Xtand Pro is a stylish, sturdy notebook computer stand that is made of solid aluminum, matching the metal finish of the MacBook.The Xtand Pro provides two user-adjustable heights for ergonomic comfort. The high-level raises the notebook to the same level as your eye to reduce body fatigue and muscle pains. In this position, it is best when used with external keyboard and mouse. The low-level raises the notebook computer just high enough for you to continue to use the notebook keyboard a...
14978	Functional and very well made	I needed something solid to raise up my MacAir off the table and keep it ergonomic. I liked the simplicity of this one, but it did seem expensive. When I received, I couldn't believe how well made it was. It was also packaged well, similar to getting a new Mac product (the testament being that I still haven't thrown away the box!) The laptop fits on here well, and I've chosen to use the lower version (there is also a piece that lets it sit much higher, but it didn't make much sense for me.) It's damn sturdy, and very solid. I almost want to get another one, but it's a little too expensive for that. I would highly recommend this if you're looking for a good laptop stand. You wont need to look much further (but you might want something cheaper.) It's nice to see such a high quality product, and made out of metal, still made today.	BrandXYZ Xtand Pro is a stylish, sturdy notebook computer stand that is made of solid aluminum, matching the metal finish of the MacBook.The Xtand Pro provides two user-adjustable heights for ergonomic comfort. The high-level raises the notebook to the same level as your eye to reduce body fatigue and muscle pains. In this position, it is best when used with external keyboard and mouse. The low-level raises the notebook computer just high enough for you to continue to use the notebook keyboard a...
14979	Great presentation stand and for broadcasts, too	We use this excellent stand for on-stage presentations, as it knocks down and packs nicely, with both the short and extended risers; and in-studio for voicing scripts and doing interviews for our daily and weekly national programs at www.lifeloveandhealth.com. In fact, we purchased the so-called "refurbished" model, also available on Just Mobile's site for $49.99 - trust me, the only difference between this and the full MSRP version is the price point. The cost is inconsequential, especially given the simplicity, build quality, height options, ease of use and elegant styling. The 15" MacBook sits solidly on the stand, looks sharp and performs nicely, especially with the two-height option. Aside from keeping the machine cooler (I guess), the advantage to having the eye-level of the machine higher is wonderful; and for presentations, on stage and on-table, with a remote control, this is a huge plus and, frankly, it says and shows you mean business. But, remember, the Apple laptop sits ATOP the stand and I agree with the other reviewers, it's important to understand that the laptop is not locked down or secured. I'd love a 1/4-20 tripod-like screw on the stand with a threaded female receiver on the Apple; however, in lieu of that, gaffer's tape, double-sided foam tape or elastic bands will secure the machine to the stand and the stand to a table, especially in the high riser position. A small shot bag will do the trick, too, for weighting down the oval base. Yes, an external mouse or keyboard will serve desk-bound users well ... but buy the re-furb version and you'll never look back, while lookin' good. [...]	BrandXYZ Xtand Pro is a stylish, sturdy notebook computer stand that is made of solid aluminum, matching the metal finish of the MacBook.The Xtand Pro provides two user-adjustable heights for ergonomic comfort. The high-level raises the notebook to the same level as your eye to reduce body fatigue and muscle pains. In this position, it is best when used with external keyboard and mouse. The low-level raises the notebook computer just high enough for you to continue to use the notebook keyboard a...
15002	poor quality	The on/off button on my unit broke off after about 3 months of normal usage so I don't think it was made all that well. Further, the mp3 decoder isn't so great, either, as the unit had a tendency to cut off the first bit of each song. The controls are difficult to see in daylight so this can make choosing songs or even forwarding through songs difficult. The rechargeable battery didn't hold much of a charge - maybe four hours worth of listening. On the other hand, the video quality of the videos is surprisingly nice. Overall, however, I'd have to NOT recommend this product. I'm currently using which I purchased for an extremely low price at Walgreens and it beats the pants off this Sylvania unit.	BrandXYZ's SMPK8854 video MP3 player lets you enjoy your favorite media on a brilliant, 2.8-inch touchscreen. Easily navigate to favorite music, videos, text files or games on the go. Take voice memos, or transport files as you would with a USB storage device. The SMPK8854 packs plenty of features into an affordable, attractive package. Enjoy your favorite media on a brilliant, 2.8-inch touchscreen. Click to enlarge. Enjoy video in landscape view. View control diagram. Click to enlarge. Full-Col...
15003	Not quite what I expected	I found this mp3 player on sale for $50 at a local store and thought what a great deal. I only had it for a week and the screen went blank so you couldn't see any of the buttns. The battery didn't last as long as I had wished and there was no way of organizing the songs on the player. It put them in folders by artist and in the order you uploaded them. So they were hard to find since they weren't in alphabetical order. I played it on random mode but it always seemed to play the first few folders all the time	BrandXYZ's SMPK8854 video MP3 player lets you enjoy your favorite media on a brilliant, 2.8-inch touchscreen. Easily navigate to favorite music, videos, text files or games on the go. Take voice memos, or transport files as you would with a USB storage device. The SMPK8854 packs plenty of features into an affordable, attractive package. Enjoy your favorite media on a brilliant, 2.8-inch touchscreen. Click to enlarge. Enjoy video in landscape view. View control diagram. Click to enlarge. Full-Col...
15004	Worth every penny !!	My first mp3 player.I am glad I waited for this model. Loads of memory,Long battery, easy to navigate,brilliant Color Screen.also Memory expandable with memory card.For the Price None Better !	BrandXYZ's SMPK8854 video MP3 player lets you enjoy your favorite media on a brilliant, 2.8-inch touchscreen. Easily navigate to favorite music, videos, text files or games on the go. Take voice memos, or transport files as you would with a USB storage device. The SMPK8854 packs plenty of features into an affordable, attractive package. Enjoy your favorite media on a brilliant, 2.8-inch touchscreen. Click to enlarge. Enjoy video in landscape view. View control diagram. Click to enlarge. Full-Col...
15007	Good Device over expensive Tablets	This is was my first tablet and I still love it. It could do anything I expect from a Table/PMP. There are so many free applications available from [...] which can trun this device into a mini computer. I could surf the websites (even flash based, but not all), play music, video and check emails on it, do a text chat and even I could do VOIP though Skype version of OS2008. So overall I like this tablet very much. Only thing I did not like about its shape, the way its has fatty on top and sleek in bottom.	
15008	Pretty cool....	I bought an N800 as an alternative to an e-reader...I figured the added functionality of the internet tablet would make up for any limitations. The only problem I have is that I can't reformat some pdf documents the way I'd like...they're too small for the screen but if I enlarge them, I lose the ability to "arrow" over to the next page. If anyone has a fix for this, I'd love to hear it...Other than that, I'm very happy with it.	
15009	Best screen of them all	The Nokia internet Tablet was the Poor Man's iPhone/iPod Touch years before the Apple versions came out. It's more like an internet machine that plays media, while the Touch is the reverse. it can't compete with the iPod for music playing, but it's passable and has the zippiest internet radio out there. And no, it's not a cell phone, but VOIP works well (FREE calls that integrate well with GrandCentral.com). You can even do half-arsed, hand-held video calls on it - something the Big Guys still haven't came up with yet. And the general internet functionality is tops, even compared to the i-Rigs. Most of all, it has one the the biggest and most brilliant handheld screens out there. Bigger than the Apples, sharper and contrasty-er than the Archos. Movies - esp. wide screen - look GREAT on this. With the stereo speakers (take THAT, iPod Touch) and prop-up stand, it's like having a little TV media player in your pocket. With the 16 gb cards coming down in price, you can load 2 of those babies into this for 30+gbs of media storage. You can't do better for this price.	
15013	Lexmark C524 Printer	I can not endorse the Lexmark C524 laser printer for the following reasons: 1) It is large (approximately 19"x15"x16"), very slow & very noisy. 2) It comes with a 4 ink cartridges ... cartridges that produced about 50 pages before running out of ink. Four replacement cartridges will cost more than the printer itself. 3) Print quality varies across a page. Edges tend to fade out. This review is based solely on my experience with a specific unit ... the one I purchased.	Impressive Print Quality. 4800 Color Quality or true 1200 x 1200 dpi from chemically processed toners provides excellent color images and business graphics. SWOP simulated and EuroScale simulated color tables with Pantone Calibration provide accurate color for pre-press layouts and finished brochures. Extreme Performance. Up to 20 ppm in black and color (up to 19 A4) via a 500 MHz processor with 128MB of standard RAM (maximum of 640MB) and a time to first page as fast as 13 seconds in black or c...
15311	awesome!!!!!!	i love it! i got it for my b-day and it rocks. i totally recommend it	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M380 digital camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style - and with BrandXYZ's innovative smart capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.The M380 is part of the BrandXYZ EASYSHARE system, so sharing your pictures is amazingly simple. Just press share.
15312	easy share digatl camera	So far so good. I haven't uses it a lot yet, but it has some very nice features.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M380 digital camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style - and with BrandXYZ's innovative smart capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.The M380 is part of the BrandXYZ EASYSHARE system, so sharing your pictures is amazingly simple. Just press share.
15071	The Rolls Royce of Computer Cases!	Part of me feared that I was nuts to spend the amount of funds that I spent on this computer case, but after it arrived, and I installed my X58 SLI motherboard into it, I was delighted to discover all of this case's well thought-out features. It was truly a luxury to slide out the motherboard tray from the chassis and install my motherboard onto just the tray itself. Note that you must install the spacer screws into the tray first so that your motherboard does not make contact with the chassis. The main reason that I purchased this computer case is that I wanted to cool down my nVidia GTX 295 card that was running at 75 degrees celcius in my old, cheap, single-fan computer case. After installing everything into the SilverStone TJ10B-WNV case, my GTX 295 ran at 49 degrees celcius! The five fans that are included with the SilverStone case reduced the operating temp of my video card by 26 degrees celcius!! I WAS going to invest in an expensive water-cooled system to cool down all of the boards, but now I don't have to! One thing that you should note before purchasing this case is that it is not only tall, but also very deep! At first, I tried placing this case under my computer desk, where my former case resided; but this SilverStone case stuck out five inches in front of the desk even though I had pushed the case all the way to the back of the desk. I wound up placing the case to the side of my computer desk instead of under it. The extra space is well utilized, however, as that is how the case keeps the airflow moving and the hot power supply and disk drives away from the boards. The bottom line is that I am happy to own the SilverStone TJ10B-WNV, and I love the nVidia theme that is silkscreened on the case. I also don't regret spending the extra money on this case as it is the Rolls-Royce of computer cases! Considering that you can cool down all of your boards with just this case instead of buying an expensive water-cooling system, you actually get a lot of bang for your bucks. P.S. The up-charge for the nVidia theme is more than made up for by the inclusion of five (5) fans instead of just two (2) fans like the non-nVidia-themed version of this case. (i.e. the SST-TJ10B-W)	Based on the award-winning Temjin TJ10 chassis, this NVIDIA themed model comes with special custom paintings and five brilliant 120mm green LED fans. Its advanced cooling layout is designed for top of the line NVIDIA GPUs so the TJ10 is officially certified for 3-Way SLI. To ensure that NVIDIA chipset and GPU can be appreciated in full view, the TJ10 NVIDIA Edition has a clear, oversized window on its side panel.
15072	Silverstone TJ-10 nVidia Edition: A Superb ATX Supertower Case	I purchased this case roughly one month prior to writing this review. As such, I have gained a good deal of experience using it and will share my opinions: Price: Initially upon seeing the price, I asked myself: "What will this case offer that similar sized, cheaper cases (IE: Thermaltake Armor) won't?" Well as the rest of my review will show, this case proved to be a great value for the money because of the well though out design/engineering, build quality, features, and ease of use. Ultimately, price will not scale linearly as a sub hundred dollar Armor ultimately house the same computer and keep relatively the same temperatures as this case; if you value ease of swapping components, good design and features, amongst other premium features, this case is worth the extra cost. Build Quality/Design: This case features a much higher build quality throughout the case, and this is readily noticeable when pulling out hard drive trays and motherboard tray amongst other things. You notice the edges are nicely tapered and even the internal components are painted and are constructed out of the same quality metal as the more visible components. The plexiglass window is resilient to scratches. Every component has a very solid feel (door hinges, port bay on top of the case, drive bay door) and all the pieces align with precision, leaving no unsightly gaps. The CD drive bays are an example of the level of quality in this case: The blank doors that need to be removed are held in via 2 screws as opposed to the breakable doors included on cheaper cases. Also, the case stands/feet are of the same fit and finish as the stands/feet on high-end home theater components. The only design flaw is that hiding the wires behind the case is very difficult without a dremel to remove part of the vertical support bar; without making this modification, the right-side door will not close without flexing. Also, one warning towards build quality I have is that the paint used on the case scratches relatively easily. I placed a 17 inch Samsung LCD monitor on it for 5 minutes (plastic base) while connecting the wiring to the rear and upon lifting it, small scratches were left and had to be removed using Menzerna Final Polish II with a Flex polisher. Features: This case has almost every feature you could want in a full tower (or supertower) case. It supports ATX (in a pseudo-BTX power supply at the bottom configuration), Extended ATX, Micro-ATX, and SSI motherboards. It includes all the accessories you need for building a quiet PC such as vibration dampeners and quiet fans. The only thing missing that some may need is an eSATA port on the top mounted port headers. The case has a very nice nVidia color theme of black and green (with the exception of the blue LEDs) and the well engineered fan placement creates ample airflow that leads to equalized case air pressure and temperatures. Also, the case is relatively light weight (not flimsy) which makes moving the case less painful. (NOTE: If you value ESA as a feature, Silverstone makes a version of this case with ESA support) Ease of use: Between the removable motherboard, easy to install expansion card slots (a nice pass through hole to insert your screwdriver through), removable hard drive bays, pre-installed fans, and multi-configuration motherboard headers...this case makes putting together a new PC a very easy and fun ordeal. Conclusion: Overall, I give this case a 92/100 (Highly Recommended) and if I had to make my purchasing decision again, I would go with this case again! Additional Notes: Worth checking out is the Silverstone TJ-07, as it has many similar features, but has more of the Apple/Lian Li case look which many people prefer.	Based on the award-winning Temjin TJ10 chassis, this NVIDIA themed model comes with special custom paintings and five brilliant 120mm green LED fans. Its advanced cooling layout is designed for top of the line NVIDIA GPUs so the TJ10 is officially certified for 3-Way SLI. To ensure that NVIDIA chipset and GPU can be appreciated in full view, the TJ10 NVIDIA Edition has a clear, oversized window on its side panel.
15074	Fun to use, Easy to Install, SOUNDS GREAT!	Fun to use, Easy to Install, SOUNDS GREAT! I'm a long time audiophile and very picky about music quality. I'm using iPod Classic 80 with music ripped from cds at Apple Lossless rate. Using the Audioengine W2 I get sound as good as a decent cd player. (to me a "decent cd player" costs around $500 :) It is also terrific fun to use - your entire sound library at your fingertips to share with friends via your stereo rather than just yourself using your headphones. Amazing job, thanks Audioengine!	BrandXYZ W2 (AW2) Premium Wireless Adapter for iPod - Send music wirelessly from your iPod to to any music system. AW2 provides CD quality stereo sound with no reduction in audio quality. Unwire your iPod with the Ultimate Wireless Adapter!. Easy Setup. Plug the digital Sender into your iPod and connect the included receiver to your stereo and youll have complete control of your music from your iPod. No need to learn how to work a separate remote and the AW2 is super-easy to hook up, with no ba...
15075	Excellent iPod accessory	I've been struggling with running my iPod through my stereo since I didn't have an MP3 jack in the front panel. I've been using an adapter cord, but didn't like having to interrupt whatever I was doing each time I wanted to change the music. This is an elegant solution. It is simple to set up and easy to use. It is literally plug and play. The receiving unit does require AC power, and the input cords are quite short. The RCA adapter cord with the unit has female ends, so the manufacturer has anticipated that you will need a patch cord in order to connect to your amp input. There is also an MP3 cord, but it is quite short as well. The transmitter simply plugs into the iPod and you're ready to go. Sound quality is excellent. I don't know the maximum range, but it has a clean signal from anywhere in my 1 bedroom apartment. Do be aware that the transmitter that attaches to the iPod does drain the battery significantly while in use, so you'll only get about 1/3 of the battery life you're accustomed to. Since it plugs into the jack at the bottom of the iPod, you cannot listen and charge the unit simultaneously. That is the one enhancement I'd recommend. Nonetheless, this is a device I wish I'd gotten when I first got my iPod. It is a little pricey for the simple hardware, but I'm glad I got it.	BrandXYZ W2 (AW2) Premium Wireless Adapter for iPod - Send music wirelessly from your iPod to to any music system. AW2 provides CD quality stereo sound with no reduction in audio quality. Unwire your iPod with the Ultimate Wireless Adapter!. Easy Setup. Plug the digital Sender into your iPod and connect the included receiver to your stereo and youll have complete control of your music from your iPod. No need to learn how to work a separate remote and the AW2 is super-easy to hook up, with no ba...
15226	BUGGY software and Poor Charts!	Lowrance HDS-8 with Insight and Navionics Platinum for South Central Alaska I had high hopes for this unit. Unfortunately, Lowrance and Navionics seem intent on marketing products that are simply not ready for the customer. I live in Alaska and fish the south central area, Kenai Peninsula, Cook Inlet, North Gulf Coast, and Prince William Sound. I'll start with the charts first. The Lowrance Base map is crude compared to Garmin. The depths are tiny, nearly impossible to read, especially when underway. They numbers are north oriented only, which means if you are using "Course Up" and heading south, you better be able to read the numbers upside down or sideways. There are also LOTS of errors in the mapping. Where land should be you have sea, where sea should be you have land. BE VERY CAREFUL if using this in the fog. It also does not show submerged or awash rocks as well as the Garmin does. The Insight chart is worse and absolutely useless in Alaska, it is so highly pixilated that all detail is unreadable and ends up being a huge blob. Do not spend any money for this worthless feature. OK, now for the very spendy Navionics charts. It is VERY buggy and not ready for public consumption. When I can get the data to display, which takes multiple reboots and other fiddling, it too is north oriented so again you better learn to read upside down or sideways. It suffers from the same tiny little fonts that cannot be changed. When a waypoint is selected, you get no data displayed such as time, distance, bearing, lat/long or any other useful information like my 6 year old Garmin gives me. The only way to get it to display is to pan the cursor to the location you want to go to and leave it there. Now you have a little window in the lower left corner with all the info displayed. The sonar seems to be pretty decent but I have yet to get anything close to the little fish arches they advertise on the screen regardless of depth. I can see the fish and structure pretty well and even saw jigs descending to the bottom or on the retrieve. There are lots of other little quirks with this unit and I could write volumes about them, but I'm not being paid to do that. I am trying to educate potential buyers of a poor product. Bottomline: Sonar is good. Software and charts SUCK! Stick with Garmin or be prepared for major disappointment.	HDS8 Insight USA 83/200 kHz Fishfinder
15227	Not ready for the North Atlantic	We boat Cape Ann to Cape Cod Massachusetts. Certain important navigational aids are non- existent or unreadable. (i.e.- Boston Light, the Bell at Scituate Harbor, Minot's Light) Depths are impossible to read on the charts - positioning is way off. Using this while boating is like driving without street signs or route numbers. We fell back to using visual aids only , which can be treacherous in many of the areas we travel. In a haze or dim light it would be impossible to navigate. We went back to using our old Lowrance LCX 18c. Next time we will try Raymarine.	HDS8 Insight USA 83/200 kHz Fishfinder
15256	Great MP3/MP4 Video game player	Watch Video demo of Player. Pretty cool User interface and offers a lot of features for this price point. Much better than first generation players. This is good for someone who wants a video/still camera function and the ability to play some games. Before you purchase this player make sure you are getting it from gr8er1. Other sellers are selling their poor quality product under our trademark name "gr8er1". Search gr8er1 from amazon.com to ensure you are buying from gr8er1. We have tested the battery to play over 13 hours continuous play in the audio mode with LCD off. Battery life will vary greatly depending on use. As of 11-22-2009 Accessories include Protective skin cover, 2 X USB cords, 1 X earbuds, 1 X car charger plug, 1 X aux out cord, 1 X Stylus Pen, 1 X soft pouch, 1 X USA A/C travel charger, 1 X English instructions, 1 X mini CD with 320x240 video converter, 1 X retail box. We were able to find several games that were downloadable from the internet including All Out, Simon, Curumba, Hexagon, Parking Zone and more. The mini cd has windows 98 drivers. Operating systems such as Windows XP, Vista, and 7 do not need this disc because the drivers are built into the operating system. It is not an installation disc. The player is a "plug and play" "drag and drop" device. It is just like a usb thumb drive or external hard drive. It does not require any special software. It is not locked to one computer and can be used with several different computers. gr8er1 also has a tutorial on how to load media to simplify use of device. The gr8er1 media device does have a mini SD expansion slot to expand the memory. You can expand the memory with an optional miniSD card up to 4GB. Also you can use an optional microsd Card up to 16GB with an optional microSD to miniSd expansion adapter. Make sure your adapter is genuine San Disk, Patriot or Kingston to ensure functionality. You can download many youtube videos in the FLV format to your computer and then drag and drop it to this device and watch them on the go. Remember to buy from gr8er1 or you will probably get something less than you bargain for.	This is the all in one media player everyone has been waiting for. It plays mp3 music files, MP4 Video files and allows you to add games via .SWF files. There is a built in loud speaker. It is also an EBook reader via .TXT files. You can scroll through your .TXT files with the swipe of your finger or let the player automatically scroll for you. It features an FM radio (earphone Jack as antenna) and boasts a 2MP Still Camera. You can also record videos from the Digital Video Cam. The BrandXYZ pla...
15257	Great Buy!	This Mp3 player is so easy to use, I did not have any problems using it when I taken it out of the box. The multiple features you have on it is worth it. I did not know that this MP3 player comes with a car AUX cable, which I was thrilled about. (iPod Touch doesn't even come with one) Overall, this is a GREAT buy and will recommend this product to everyone.	This is the all in one media player everyone has been waiting for. It plays mp3 music files, MP4 Video files and allows you to add games via .SWF files. There is a built in loud speaker. It is also an EBook reader via .TXT files. You can scroll through your .TXT files with the swipe of your finger or let the player automatically scroll for you. It features an FM radio (earphone Jack as antenna) and boasts a 2MP Still Camera. You can also record videos from the Digital Video Cam. The BrandXYZ pla...
15258	Not very good	Bought a 4GB one first for myself and it worked pretty well. So, decided to buy a 8GB one for my brother. This 8GB one is not very good. it looks pretty cool but the touch screen is very slow for some reasons. It says you can add games to it but I have not found any games it will play. The video function is pretty good. The battery is just horrible. It discharges in a couple of hours with music playing through earphone. I would think MP3 player should at least play 8 hours with one charge. Obviously, it does not work this good. I will probably keep this one myself and just give the 4GB on to my brother. I just cannot give this out as a gift.	This is the all in one media player everyone has been waiting for. It plays mp3 music files, MP4 Video files and allows you to add games via .SWF files. There is a built in loud speaker. It is also an EBook reader via .TXT files. You can scroll through your .TXT files with the swipe of your finger or let the player automatically scroll for you. It features an FM radio (earphone Jack as antenna) and boasts a 2MP Still Camera. You can also record videos from the Digital Video Cam. The BrandXYZ pla...
15259	A definite buy!	I bought this shortly after my birthday and it worked wonderfully. The touch screen is easy to use and even my boyfriend was able to use it (he has big fingers). The stylus was a plus to have but I never used it. Drag and drop for photos and music was easy as pie. Anyone can do it. I only wish I could have enjoyed it more because when i used the car charger included unfortunately it blew out the components in the player. It could have been the particular charger, I do not know. But I never had problems with my player, the wall charger, or anything until I used the car charger. I would not say never to use it, but just advising after 2 months of smooth play, what happened to my player after using the car charger for the first time. Overall, I would definitely recommend this mp3 player. It is a great substitute from other expensive touchscreen players.	This is the all in one media player everyone has been waiting for. It plays mp3 music files, MP4 Video files and allows you to add games via .SWF files. There is a built in loud speaker. It is also an EBook reader via .TXT files. You can scroll through your .TXT files with the swipe of your finger or let the player automatically scroll for you. It features an FM radio (earphone Jack as antenna) and boasts a 2MP Still Camera. You can also record videos from the Digital Video Cam. The BrandXYZ pla...
15273	Kodak EasyShare M340	I bought this camera from Best Buy about 3 weeks ago, and I like it so far. What I like: --The menus! They are very well organized and so easy to navigate. It's actually why I bought this camera. --The panoramic option is fabulous. You can stitch up to 3 snapshots together for one beautiful picture. --Camera body is slim and smooth, not bulky or bumpy. --It's powered with a Li-on battery that you can charge through a wall outlet or your computer. So no more popping oodles of batteries, and no more worrying if you've over-charged the thing. The battery life is pretty decent, too. What I don't like: --The shutter speed is a tad slow. For still/portrait shots it's fantastic, but for action shots you'll need a little foresight. --It makes this weird, soft clicking noise while it's on. But that's more of a minor nuisance than an actual problem. The noise does not affect the camera's performance at all. --When recording video, the picture is very clear, but the volume is a little low. Overall: If you want a decent, bright, easy-to-use, basic camera, buy this one. I got it in silver, but it comes in other colors, too. If you want more zoom, you can check out the M380.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M340 Digital Camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style -and with BrandXYZ's innovative Smart Capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.When the perfect picture taking opportunity arises, BrandXYZ will make sure you're ready - with features like face detection, BrandXYZ Perfect Touch technology, scene modes, and much more. And after you take the shot, do even more. Turn...
15274	Easy Solution to Clicking Problem	I haven't had this camera long enough to say too much about it, but I do have a solution to the clicking noise everyone is complaining about. Go to the menu and then go down to AF Control. Click on Single AF. No more sound. I will give kudos to the online help chat person at Kodak. She was very respectful and helpful, and she solved the issue quickly.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M340 Digital Camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style -and with BrandXYZ's innovative Smart Capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.When the perfect picture taking opportunity arises, BrandXYZ will make sure you're ready - with features like face detection, BrandXYZ Perfect Touch technology, scene modes, and much more. And after you take the shot, do even more. Turn...
15275	Excellent inexpensive camera that delivers excellent photos	Don't let the Kodak EasyShare M340's price fool you. It delivers stunning photos with amazing color in an incredibly small package. While it doesn't have a lot of the controls of more expensive models, it performs well in most lighting conditions. However, do note that this camera will not perform very well in dim lighting -- it does not have an autofocus assist light. Personally, the lack of this feature doesn't bother me as I wanted a simple snapshot camera to carry around and take pictures mindlessly. The best feature of this camera is the Smart Capture mode. I'm able to take photos knowing that I'll get a photo that's been optimized for that "Kodak" look - bright photos with great saturation and contrast, all without the need of Photoshop. It color corrects photos (where possible), and changes contrast in dark areas to reveal details that might otherwise be hidden. I highly recommend this camera for people who want a simple snapshot camera who simply want to take pictures good/bright lighting who simply don't care to tweak their photos in a photo editing program. If you're wondering about video -- it's okay, but then again, it's digital camera, not a digital video camera, so don't expect too much. They're good enough for posting on the web, but otherwise that's really about it. With low cost, dedicated video cameras capable of HD like the Kodak Zi6, Flip and Sony cameras, you'll be happier with a better tool designed to deliver video.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M340 Digital Camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style -and with BrandXYZ's innovative Smart Capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.When the perfect picture taking opportunity arises, BrandXYZ will make sure you're ready - with features like face detection, BrandXYZ Perfect Touch technology, scene modes, and much more. And after you take the shot, do even more. Turn...
15278	Great gift	Bought this camera as a gift and it is fantastic! The recipient is a novice, but other members of her family have had years of experience with digital cameras. She has had absolutely no problems with learning to take pictures and has taken some beautiful ones! The other members of her family have tried to "borrow" this camera. The pictures are crystal clear. No one has used the video on the camera. Other members of her family who have used this camera and printed pictures are now in the process of buying this same camera for themselves.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M340 Digital Camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style -and with BrandXYZ's innovative Smart Capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.When the perfect picture taking opportunity arises, BrandXYZ will make sure you're ready - with features like face detection, BrandXYZ Perfect Touch technology, scene modes, and much more. And after you take the shot, do even more. Turn...
18800	Amazing little device	I had been using PlayOn server with my DirecTV DVR trying to connect to NetFlix. Very clumsy and choppy performance. So I really wasn't very optimistic about Roku. Wow! Was I in for a pleasant surprise. Hook up was easy, even used my AV receiver and the optical sound cable to receive 5.1 surround. Hooked up the HDMI directly to my Samsung 61" HDTV. Within ten minutes, I was viewing my NetFlix movie queue and watching movies at 16X9 and 720 resolution. Sound was awesome. It is still amazing to me that I can get this kind of performance over my DSL phone line connection and WiFi. Who needs HBO and Showtime with this kind of online performance?	With Wi-Fi and High Definition playback capability built-in, BrandXYZ HD Player is the easiest way to stream top-quality instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The best-selling HD Player has everything you need to start enjoying endless entertainment from the comfort of your couch. No wonder it's Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FREE music from...
15281	bad video sound quality	The photos came out pretty well on this camera. Once in a while they were grainy and blurry but otherwise they were fine. The problem I had with this camera, and the reason I returned it, was the sound quality on the video option. The picture on the video is very clear but the sound is ruined by a constant clicking and whirring noise. Sometimes the noise completely blocked out people's voices. I returned my camera hoping it was a defect on my model only, but I tried the video as soon as I purchased the new camera and had the same problem. I returned it immediately. The salesclerks did not know what was causing the noise. I really liked the shortcut buttons on the back of the camera. I looked for those options on other cameras and was unable to find them. The panoramic option worked well too. I took some photos of family gatherings using the panoramic shot and the family was really impressed. If you don't care about the video, this camera is fine.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M340 Digital Camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style -and with BrandXYZ's innovative Smart Capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.When the perfect picture taking opportunity arises, BrandXYZ will make sure you're ready - with features like face detection, BrandXYZ Perfect Touch technology, scene modes, and much more. And after you take the shot, do even more. Turn...
15283	great camera!	i love everything about this camera... the picture quality, user friendly, small + compact! the reason it didn't get 5 stars is b/c the quality of picture when you use the zoom feature, is not quite clear. instead of zooming now, i use the 'crop' feature on the camera + that makes it more clear. other than that, we are very happy w/ our purchase!!!	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M340 Digital Camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style -and with BrandXYZ's innovative Smart Capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.When the perfect picture taking opportunity arises, BrandXYZ will make sure you're ready - with features like face detection, BrandXYZ Perfect Touch technology, scene modes, and much more. And after you take the shot, do even more. Turn...
15284	Overall, OK	I bought the M340 to replace my older Canon digital several weeks ago. The more compact design and larger view screen of the Kodac was very appealing. Compared to the Canon however, their were some disappointments. (1) the setting dial on top of the camera can easily be changed when in your pocket; check before shooting. (2) Their is not a cable connection from the camera to view on a TV (AV cable). (3) The focus feature is rather slow. (4) The "Easy Share" software doesn't work well on my Windows Vista computer. Perhaps more time and experience with this camera will resolve some of these issues but I didn't expect these difficulties.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M340 Digital Camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style -and with BrandXYZ's innovative Smart Capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.When the perfect picture taking opportunity arises, BrandXYZ will make sure you're ready - with features like face detection, BrandXYZ Perfect Touch technology, scene modes, and much more. And after you take the shot, do even more. Turn...
15288	Screen view disappears outdoors UPDATE	The Kodak M340 is a lightweight, easy-to-use and intuitive camera and has a nice, large viewing screen. The single downside discovered so far is the difficulty framing a picture outdoors in bright light, even with the screen brightness set to high power. The view all but disappears on the screen, and there is no alternative viewfinder so aiming the shot is pure guesswork. I've had this camera only a few days, so I might be missing something although I've looked through all the menu settings. Other than that one limitation, the camera produces great pictures and I love how easy it is to take along on bike rides. UPDATE: Now that I've used the Kodak M340 extensively the past months, I must raise my rating. I've fallen in love with this camera despite its screen-view problem outdoors in bright light!	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M340 Digital Camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style -and with BrandXYZ's innovative Smart Capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.When the perfect picture taking opportunity arises, BrandXYZ will make sure you're ready - with features like face detection, BrandXYZ Perfect Touch technology, scene modes, and much more. And after you take the shot, do even more. Turn...
15289	Great Camera!!!	After much research and reading other people's reviews I decided to purchase this camera. I ran into some people who already have this camera and they love this camera. It is easy to use and takes great pictures. I have compared the quality of photos with cameras that cost much more and the kodak was superior to the cannon and the nikon compact cameras. It is so easy to use and takes great pictures. It is also small enough to fit in my purse or pocket. The only drawback is that it does not have a viewfinder, but I prefer to use the screen anyway. I love the panoramic feature. I know that I made a good choice.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M340 Digital Camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style -and with BrandXYZ's innovative Smart Capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.When the perfect picture taking opportunity arises, BrandXYZ will make sure you're ready - with features like face detection, BrandXYZ Perfect Touch technology, scene modes, and much more. And after you take the shot, do even more. Turn...
15291	Chirping on video	I also returned my first M340, hoping that annoying chirping was a manufacturing defect. My second one has the same problem. I will be returning this one, also.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M340 Digital Camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style -and with BrandXYZ's innovative Smart Capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.When the perfect picture taking opportunity arises, BrandXYZ will make sure you're ready - with features like face detection, BrandXYZ Perfect Touch technology, scene modes, and much more. And after you take the shot, do even more. Turn...
15320	A nice set that won't work with Dish's old remote control - you have to upgrade to HD	I bought my Sylvania LC320SLX expecting an average quality television. It looked pretty good in the store, and the price was right. Unfortunately, Sylvania for some reason didn't choose to make it compatible with many existing Dish (and from what I've seen on the Web, DirectTV) remote controls. Now, admittedly, the Dish receiver we had when we bought the Sylvania was not really capable of taking full advantage of the LC320SLX's capabilities (no HDMI port, for example), so our picture quality on rabbit ears was higher than from the old Dish DVR/tuner box (standard analog NTSC video/audio). I expected to be able to control my new Sylvania LCD TV with the same remote that has controlled several other televisions, VCRs and DVD player/recorders with no trouble whatsoever. I was disappointed. I went through every code in the Dish satellite receiver manual, in their web site, and I scanned all of the codes in the remote using the procedure in the Dish receiver manual. I called Dish technical support, who at least tried to work through the issue with me, to no avail. Then they gave me a technical support number for Sylvania, which turned out to be not for the TV I just bought. Calling the technical support number in the TV's service manual, I was told forthrightly that it was not Sylvania's problem that their TV won't work with a standard Dish remote control. Wrong. When you make and sell a TV set you're responsible for seeing that the remotes already on the market wiil operate it. Sylvania should - at the very least - warn prospective purchasers that the TV comes in that this television is not compatible with non-HD Dish or DirectTV remote control systems. Most people don't spend $400 after taxes to get a TV that mostly works. A few days after buying the Sylvania LCD set, we went over to Dish HD (high-definition) service. After we input the remote TV code 672 from the NEW HD satellite receiver manual, our NEW Dish remote DOES control our new Sylvania LC320SLX LCD television. This still doesn't excuse Sylvania for marketing a television that won't work with many satellite TV receivers in the US market. Consumers should still be warned of this. Now that the problem with the Dish remote has been resolved, I can say that the television has a very clear picture; it has a very good selection of jacks which will allow the user to connect three HDMI accessories (say, a Dish or Direct TV satellite receiver, a late-model video game console and a DVD player/recorder, or a home computer) at once. In addition, there are connectors for S-Video, component-level and composite analog video, and several sets of analog audio (as well as a digital audio line). There's also an audio-out line which, connected to our living room stereo amplifier, allows us to improvise a home theater very well. But the audio "in" jacks associated with the secondary or tertiary HDMI ports wouldn't work when I tried to play dowmloaded movies back from my laptop (which has both HDMI and S-Video outputs on its backplane). No amount of trying would get the audio output from my laptop (which worked fine through my home theater amplifier and my headphones) to play through the Sylvania's built-in speakers and audio amplifier. The ease of use of the remote controls for adjusting picture and sound quality are above average - there's even an on-screen "equalizer" to allow adjustment of the built-in audio amplifier and speaker system, and several pre-set groups of settings for picture quality you can select with a few keystrokes. The screws which hold the chintzy stand on the television (you need to use it if you're not going to hang the Sylvania on your wall) are easy to lose, so if you see them, hang on to them. We STILL haven't found the AAA batteries for the remote control. The Sylvania LC320SLX is a very well-laid out and executed system, and certainly worth the $379.95 (before taxes) I paid for it at our local Target store. Don't buy any cables if you plan to upgrade your satellite or cable system to HD, because your service provider will probably have the needed cables and install them for you for free. And be sure NOT to spend $26-$30 for HDMI cables at the store where you buy your television until you've checked Amazon's affiliated stores. They sold me two HDMI cables of the same quality or better for $3.58 combined. Even with $5.96 shipping and handling, the total cost was just under $10 - well worth taking the time to shop amazon.com first. These cables allow me to connect my laptop and DVD recorder/player to the Sylvania LC320SLX HDMI input ports. And don't buy the set unless you have access to lots of HD channels over the air (here in Denver we have around 30 over-the-air digital channels, about half of them HD, although a third of those are either televangelist or Spanish-language stations) or over your cable or satellite connections, because you won't be able to take advantage of all the digital goodness of the Sylvania LC320SLX.	Dazzling images, superb sound and design that performs, BrandXYZ?s LCD TVs will bring your favorite movies and programs to a whole new level of enjoyment.
15321	good quality for the price	this is a great tv, i was surprised at the weight of these tv's. easy to move to keep clean around your set, unlike the old set that weighed a ton and recieved less dusting because of it, i also found that i can not use cable remote to control volume or turn off the set, so far now i use 2 remotes. if any one has the solution to this problem please let us know	Dazzling images, superb sound and design that performs, BrandXYZ?s LCD TVs will bring your favorite movies and programs to a whole new level of enjoyment.
15322	Excellent HDTV	I am very happy with my Sylvania LC320SLX 32 Inch LCD HDTV. It is lightweight, the picture is excellent and the price was amazing.	Dazzling images, superb sound and design that performs, BrandXYZ?s LCD TVs will bring your favorite movies and programs to a whole new level of enjoyment.
15323	Good Value For The Price	Pros: Picture looks great, sound is ok, programs really well, HDMI connection is a plus. Cons: Can't get Cox Cable remote to program to operate TV. I see other people have had problems w/ other systems trying to get remote to operate TV. After a call to Cox and one to Sylvania, and not getting anywhere, i did the following. I programed the Cox Box to only power the the AC outlet on the back of the box to only get power, when the cable box is on. That took care of the on/off of the TV. Next had the Cox Box control the TV volume through it and that took care of the volume. Now i don't need the TV remote to operate the TV. Hope this may help someone.	Dazzling images, superb sound and design that performs, BrandXYZ?s LCD TVs will bring your favorite movies and programs to a whole new level of enjoyment.
15324	Great TV	This is a great little TV. Only problem is you can not get your Dish remote control to control the sound or turn it off and on!! I also have a 37", and the same thing is happening, Dish remote control will not control it. I have tried all numbers that the Sylvania book gives you and it just doesn't work. Does any one have other numbers I might be able to use??	Dazzling images, superb sound and design that performs, BrandXYZ?s LCD TVs will bring your favorite movies and programs to a whole new level of enjoyment.
15372	Shock, awe...This kit actually works! Costly, though...	Years ago, I purchased one of the first through-power-line Ethernet kits on the market. At the time, the claimed throughput was low (say, 10mbps), and the actual throughput was ridiculously slow. Not to mention the fact that the connection seemed to hang inexplicably with great frequency. In a word: Not ready for primetime, not ready for anything, really... Fast forward nearly a decade. By now, wireless Ethernet routers are cheap and easy to use and just about everyone has one. Into this environment, Actiontec has dumped their new MegaPlug "200 Mbps" powerline network kit. Your first question, and it's a good one, is: "What's the point?" And for many people the answer will be "none, really, in your situation." BUT there are two sets of people for whom something like this--if it works--is a godsend. First off, there are those who simply cannot set up something like a wireless router. It's not hard, but there are still a lot of complete tech phobes out there. Think: your Grandparents, or maybe even your parents. Sure, you could go over and set things up for them. But then what happens the first time the router goes down and needs to be rebooted or whatever? Panic calls at midnight are not most people's idea of bonus time. The second set of people who could use something like this, if it works, are those with wireless dead spots in their homes. There are a lot of people like this, actually. No matter where you set up the wireless transmitter, some places just get no signal, or a very lousy one. Now, you can--if you are technically inclined--set up a wireless repeater to address issue. But it's a bit tricky for most people who don't relish spending their Friday night shopping the halls of Frys, Microcenter or BestBuy. This kit offers a simple alternative to a wireless repeater. OK, enough on who might want this. On to the more significant question: Does it actually work, and how easy is it, really, to set up. I'll answer the second question first. It is ridiculously, stupidly, unbelievably easy to set this up. Plug one unit in one wall outlet. Run ethernet cable from unit to your router. Plug second unit into another wall outlet anywhere else in your house. Run either cable from unit to the device you want to talk to router. And you are done. Even if you have trouble figuring out how to open the door of a refrigerator, it can't take you more than 5 minutes to set up. And how does it work? SHOCKINGLY well. In a three story home with about 20 separate circuits (lines on their own circuit breakers), I was unable to find two outlets that could not communicate with each other at a reasonable speed, and without any disruptions. You aren't going to see 200Mbps in the real world, but I saw between 24Mbps and 34Mbps, depending on where I placed the two outlet plugs. Before you sneer, this compares to a normal transfer rate of about 18Mbps for a GOOD wireless G connection. In other words, the Actiontec kit gave transfer rates that were between 33% and 90% FASTER than wireless G! I can recommend this unconditionally to those who need an alternative to standard wireless with one caveat (and it's a big one): This kit is quite pricey. It runs over a hundred bucks at the time of this writing, as compared to a good quality wireless G router, which can be purchased for as little as $30. In addition, this kit is good for connecting only one location to another single location, whereas wireless is...everywhere. But if you can get past the price, this kit is terrific.	MegaPlug 200Mbps Adapter Kit
15375	Works reliably with some caveats	Powerline networking can be a great solution if you use it for the right reasons. Obviously a CAT5/CAT6 wired network is going to be the best and most reliable way to connect up your equipment, but sometimes that's not practical. Wireless is great for laptops and such, but is subject to interference (at least one of my computers would drop connection for a bit any time someone used the microwave oven) and throughput can drop sharply as you get get farther from the wireless access point. Right now, I've got two sets of Powerline network adapters running in addition to my wireless access point. I use them to bridge the upstairs and downstairs networks, and to connect a printer that isn't located near the wireless. Two are these Actiontec adapters and the other two are Netgear 200Mbps adapters. I've found the Actiontec units to work just as well as the Netgear, even with encryption turned on. I've been meaning to go through the extra effort to try to get the Actiontec to actually communicate with the Netgear but so far haven't succeeded in doing so. I'll update this review if I do. In the meantime, they're running in parallel with different devices using each, but still on the "same" network. Once caveat with powerline networking is that most houses have at least two phases coming into them, with approximately half of the outlets on each one. Depending how your wiring is done, it's often possible to find two outlets that simply cannot communicate with each other. I haven't had any problems with these, however, I already have a phase coupler installed because I use X10 devices and wanted those signals to traverse both phases. That might be why it's working well with a variety of outlets, or I might just be lucky but overall throughput has been much higher than my wireless G network and they've been 100% reliable; never dropping the connection once so far. Since these have worked well, I'm considering putting a file server in the basement and using another of these adapters to link it to the network. I wouldn't want a file server to have only a wireless connection and would prefer to avoid the hassle and expense of fishing CAT5 all the way to the basement (or the ugliness of stringing it across the ceiling or running along the baseboards) so I think these are my best solution for that purpose.	MegaPlug 200Mbps Adapter Kit
15377	Geat product to ease the home network installation.	I have prior experience with other powerline products but they have problem in passing signal through the circuit breaker. I am surprised that this one is able to pass signal across circuit breaker easily. Here is my setup configuration: cable modem ---> router1 (in study room) ---> MegaPlug1 ---> home powerline ---> MegaPlug2 ---> router2 ---> PCs (in kitchen) The combination of MegaPlug and router2 solve my problem to access internet from PCs in the kitchen. Alternatively, I can solve the problem with a wireless access point. But the MegaPlug provides more stable throughput from router1 to router2 as it is wired. I am able to get fast and stable speed from MegaPlug, especially if the 2 MegaPlugs are in the same circuit. I do observe slower speed if the 2 MegaPlugs are placed in two seperate circuit breakers. However, I still be able to access the internet with decent speed at almost every plug of my house...even including the one in the backyard. The setup of the MegaPlug is far more easier than any other network equipment, no software installing, no system configuration, no reset, no additional AC/DC power adapter. In summary, the MegaPlug performs as expected with easy and expadable capability. I would recommend it to my friends.	MegaPlug 200Mbps Adapter Kit
15388	Works great right out of the box, very impressed	Let me first explain what this product is, since it may not be too clear from the page itself. This product enables you to convert your house's power lines into a virtual Ethernet network. One of the adapters you should feed with the ethernet source, which maybe the wireless router in your house, or cable modem or dsl modem. Then you plug in that adapter into a power outlet. Now in any other power outlet, you can plug in another adapter, hook up an ethernet cable into it, and there you go, you can access the network on the cable. This is useful mainly because wired networks have higher bandwidth than wireless, and depending on the source bandwidth, this adapter claims to support until 200 Mbps, while wireless is much less than that. So suppose, you want to watch a streaming video from a website on your PS3, on wireless it will hang and be slow, but wired will be fast. My TV has an Ethernet port and can talk to a DLNA server on the network. I wanted to be able to access the movies, photos, music on my PC from the TV. For that I had to connect a wired network connection to TV. But TV is in living room, and router in bedroom, I didn't want to use an ugly cable running all the way across the rooms. I opened the box, there were two adapters and two cables. Connected one cable to router, another end to adapter, hooked up the adapter to power outlet. Next went to TV, hooked up cable to TV and other end to adapter, and then the adapter to power outlet. Turned on TV, and immediately there is blazing fast internet. Totally plug and play. There are lights on the adapter which indicate if it is on, has internet, and has a link connection. There is also an option to encrypt the data flowing through. I like the product, works as advertised without any setup headache.	MegaPlug 200Mbps Adapter Kit
15398	Actiontec Network Adapter	This product is a great alternative for our 107 year old home rather than trying to rewire.	MegaPlug 200Mbps Adapter Kit
15404	Great Addition to my Exisiting Wireless Network	I'd never tried powerline networking before, but I have to say I am impressed with the Actiontec MegaPlug A/V 200 Mbps Powerline Network Adapter Kit. The kit comes with two units, two Ethernet cables, and a short installation guide. Something the installation guide does not tell you, but it will be obvious to many, is that you must "complete the circuit" for the units to work. By this I mean you need to plug one unit into a power outlet near your modem or router, and connect it to your modem or router with one of the Ethernet cables. Next plug the other unit into a power outlet near your computer (it specifically states not use a surge or battery strip, so go for the wall socket!) and connect that to the Ethernet port in your computer with the other supplied Ethernet cable. There is no additional configuration needed, even when connecting to an existing wireless network. Although the kit boasts 200Mbps speed, I could only test it to 100Mbps because that's what the Ethernet port is in my computer. I see no reason why this would not connect at 200Mbps provided you had 10/100/1000 compatible hardware, but I cannot validate that. What I can say is that the units work seamlessly, side-by-side, with the existing computers on my wireless network. If you are curious about the security, the units come factory-set with a 128-bit AES password, which you can change with the press of a small black button on the bottom of the units. I did not try to change the password, as the units worked fine out of the box. Be sure to check that your router is set to accept AES security. I can certainly see the advantages of powerline networking, especially if you have a computer in a den, or basement, or attic, or just one in a hard-to-reach spot where the wireless signal won't penetrate and/or you don't want to mess with running Ethernet wires through your walls and floors. For me, the new solution now is to go with powerline networking!	MegaPlug 200Mbps Adapter Kit
15405	Impressive	The Actiontec MegaPlug A/V is a near perfect solution for accessing your network without drilling holes or stringing ethernet cables from room to room. The box comes with 2 units. Plug one unit into a power outlet (manual says do not plug into a surge protected outlet) then connect it to the cable modem with the supplied ethernet cable. Next plug the other unit into an outlet and connect to a laptop, computer, Blu-ray player; with the other supplied ethernet cable. It's that simple and took about 3 minutes. Test Results Computer connected to: Cable modem - download speed 16MB/sec upload speed 2MB/sec MegaPlug A/V - download speed 11MB/sec upload speed 2MB/sec Wireless - download speed 05MB/sec upload speed 1MB/sec I watched some TV shows on Hulu.com and it was awful using wireless only. But when I switched to the MegaPlug A/V it worked like a dream. If you have areas of your house that are difficult to reach with wireless or your wireless doesn't quite cut it, I would definitely recommend the MegaPlug A/V.	MegaPlug 200Mbps Adapter Kit
15406	Excellent if your electrical wiring permits	I currently have the terminating end plugged up to a desktop computer. I don't know the exact speed, but the connection is enough for a Fast Ethernet connection (100Mbps). The source plug is connected to a Dlink DIR-655 one level down in my basement. There's probably 40 feet of distance up and over, including the patch cables. I read that speeds can vary based on the quality of wiring in your house/apt. I would think attenuation from distance would be an issue too. Meaning if your distance from the source is far and you add in the distance of the patch cable, say 10 feet on each end, then it is most likely your signal strength and timing has faded a bit. In the end though, you probably wouldn't need more than 108Mbps network speed in your house. And that's if you do extreme gaming and have a router that can handle that speed. Most home routers are 54Mbps. My media server only needs 2Mbps to stream movies over my network. And Internet is probably in the 10Mbps or less range. So there's a lot of room to play with speed. Lastly, this is a good solution if you have devices in your place that sit in a fixed location and you cannot wire twisted pair cable through the walls.	MegaPlug 200Mbps Adapter Kit
15411	can be manually configured, decent streaming performance	bought this set as another Actiontec megaplug AV 200 model sold out the support site states it can't connect with the gaming model (HPE200AV) this is incorrect get configuration utility for the model above, and manually configure, it works like charm with the gaming model, as well as Belkin 200Mbps model (all are configured PIN manually) it doesn't run hot like gaming model, and it's lower profile (not look bulky), but the appearance looks too plastic and cheap if you have another homeplug AV 200 adapter, don't worry the compatibility of this set, as long as you follow what I said	MegaPlug 200Mbps Adapter Kit
15413	Excellent Performance with Simple Installation	I've been a big fan of HomePlug for a while now, and recently started adding this new unit from Actiontec to my HomePlug network. This unit looks great compared to older generations of the product, and the performance is excellent. Like the previous review, I was able to get this device to interoperate with the older version with little effort. The device runs cooler (which means it's using less power), and the network throughput is really fast. So far I've tested this with my DirecTV DVR, SlingBox, and BluRay player. Streaming and downloading video works perfectly.	MegaPlug 200Mbps Adapter Kit
15417	Neat Little Camera! Does what it needs to do!	Ok, I don't know why others are giving this camera a low review. Perhaps they haven't played with it enough. I have only had this camera for about two weeks. I gave it to myself for a birthday present cause it was time to get rid of my old Nikon 3.2 mp camera and I am about to spend a semester in France and throughout Europe doing some field work for my Master's thesis. First of all, the sheer size of this camera is amazing (its smaller than my ipod video). I was originally going to get the s10 but was unable to find it (I guess they're not selling it anymore), but quite honestly 2 mp difference is no big deal. 12mp is more than enough. I have gotten so many compliments on this camera so far just because of its size and the fact that it has 12mp rather than 10 or even 8. I think the picture quality is outstanding! I have been playing with it practically everyday taking pictures of anything and everything to get a good test out of it. So far, all these pictures look very very nice. One thing I like to do with cameras is play around with its settings. This camera, although it has a Best Shot Feature (pre-programmed settings for certain situations), I'm the type of person who likes to experiment with those settings anyway. This camera allows you to do that with the best shot feature and it has a manual feature so that you can adjust everything! I hate cameras that won't let you mess with its pre-programmed settings cause let's face it they don't always get it right! Then the best part is, you can save these settings that you've created and the camera will remember them for you. One thing I see in these reviews is that the picture quality is bad. The s12 (as I'm sure with other casios) has a "quick shutter" setting. This setting will immediately take the picture before it has a chance to focus (why you would do that I'm not sure). You can turn this off! That was one of the first things I changed when I started playing with it. The HD videos this camera takes are very impressive! I have posted a couple of them on Youtube (look under my name: vsa23). They look fantastic on our 52" HDTV! Have not run into any problems like the sound not being in sync with the video. My ONLY complaint about this camera is that when the camera is on "Best Shot Auto Focus" (the lowest, easiest, setting for grandma), the focus makes very loud almost scratching noises because it is constantly focusing. I took the camera back, exchanged it for a new one, and even tried the store's two displays and they all seem to do that. Perhaps this is something that will change with the later s12s that come out. But in all honesty, I don't use that setting anyway (not that I'm a pro or anything), so it doesn't bother me too much. All in all, I am very happy with this little camera! It does everything I need it to do (which is really to primarily take pictures) and it offers so much more than I need at the same time (make up setting, dynamic photo, smile shutter, face detection, youtube capture, and more!). If you're looking for a very nice camera with lots of features in a small compact travel-friendly camera then this one is a very good choice. I will be posting some of my sample photos on Amazon's customer images thing. Hope you all find this review useful!	The EXILIM EX-S12 is the perfect combination of design and technology in an ultra-slim format. The camera, which is as slim as it is elegant, is equipped with amazing functions, such as the EXILIM engine 4.0, 12.1-megapixels, an extremely bright and high-contrast 6.9-cm wide-screen TFT display (super clear LCD), HD video recording and 3x optical zoom.
15421	NON-TECHIE'S VERDICT: It's sleek, fits easily in your shirt pocket and shoots REALLY great photos!	OK, here is the non-techie's verdict on this camera... I really like it and rate it a SOLID FOUR STARS !!! I will leave the techie's to discuss all the pros and cons of the specs. In a nutshell, here are my thoughts: 1) It's definitely mini and fits easily in a shirt pocket. So bring one along in your pocket and you'll always be ready for a Kodak...oops! "Casio Moment" 2) I was all set to buy the silver one, but when they took it out of the box, it looked way tooo shiny! Like the color of bright, polished tin... so I asked to see the other colors and bought the gold, champagne, beer-colored one. It looks fantastic. 3) WITHOUT the manual, I played around with the MENU and the various buttons and got everything working to my liking within 30 minutes. And I am no techie! 4) OUTPUT: Yes, the photos and videos ROCKED for this mini-camera. Expensive, separate-lens, high-end cameras will take BETTER photos, but these are DEFINITELY VERY GOOD! Colors are vibrant! 5) BEST SHOT - Pre-programmed settings for outdoors, night, and about 20-other almost-any-event. This is a fun gadget and let's you focus on the subject/s while this little cam does all the work. 6) PRICE: Definitely OK for all that you get in that size! 7) C'MON !!!.. I said enough... go out and buy one! YOU will be HAPPY you did. Trust me. It rocks!	The EXILIM EX-S12 is the perfect combination of design and technology in an ultra-slim format. The camera, which is as slim as it is elegant, is equipped with amazing functions, such as the EXILIM engine 4.0, 12.1-megapixels, an extremely bright and high-contrast 6.9-cm wide-screen TFT display (super clear LCD), HD video recording and 3x optical zoom.
15422	Casio Exilim EX-S12 12MP Digital Camera	This is an upgrade for me to a similar casio Exilim I purchased 3 yrs ago.Unfortunately, the old camera hit the floor, and consequently the little tab that holds the battery in place had snapped off. Quots to repair were upwards of $60....so, after spending the last year frustrated with re-setting the tab in place each time I pulled the SD card out, I finally decided to buy a newer version. This version takes great/awesome pics, and has many new features the previous version did not. Very cool, lightweight, easy to travel, skate, and ski with.	The EXILIM EX-S12 is the perfect combination of design and technology in an ultra-slim format. The camera, which is as slim as it is elegant, is equipped with amazing functions, such as the EXILIM engine 4.0, 12.1-megapixels, an extremely bright and high-contrast 6.9-cm wide-screen TFT display (super clear LCD), HD video recording and 3x optical zoom.
15423	Beat the Canon Powershots for details but not for facial color/tones. Have a flaw on Auto-flash - shot when you blink	I agree that this s12 image quality beat Canon Powershots (1000, 780IS that I tested) on sceneries (if you zoom-in to see the details) but NOT on human faces, in term of realistic, color/tone. There is also a big problem I found for the Auto-flash. It snaps right when your eyes half-way blink due to the flash - everytime. I did self-portrait to find this out, and it should apply to shooting others as well. It is a design flaw I believe. You have to remember to choose Red-eye reduction, which does not make me blink in the picture, before shooting persons. Also I cannot believe how poor the quality of the image when I shoot the 1st picture out of the box. If I did not try harder, I would have returned it the same day. I don't understand why Casio wants to set the default to its worst. I am still wondering if I should return this for Canon SD780, which performs (responds) better and felt more solid in my hand. But Canon, even after so many generations of Powershot, does not improve any for the sharpness of its images - same quality as my old SD-400, if not worse, which with only 4m pixels.	The EXILIM EX-S12 is the perfect combination of design and technology in an ultra-slim format. The camera, which is as slim as it is elegant, is equipped with amazing functions, such as the EXILIM engine 4.0, 12.1-megapixels, an extremely bright and high-contrast 6.9-cm wide-screen TFT display (super clear LCD), HD video recording and 3x optical zoom.
15510	Excellent for pendants and desk illumination	I have purchased about eight of these 3.5 watt LED's. They are a very cool white, broad spectrum light source that renders colors quite well, if a bit on the cool side. Most LED's tend to be somewhat yellowish which I do not like at all, but this one is about the same color as early morning on a cold winter day. Some people don't like it but I find it very invigorating. Illumination is never the "equivalent" stated on the package for the simple reason that LED's shine primarily in one direction. It's superb in my hanging pendants over my desk, I need light to only go straight down anyway and in that context they are about the same as a 25 watt bulb (they claim 40 watt equivalent). A pair of them produces plenty of illumination on my desk. The individual LED's are intensely bright and it is a good idea to have a well shrouded pendant or diffuser so you don't inadvertently look right at them. In comparison, I have also put a 7 watt GE LED over my desk (3 high-intensity LED's inside). The GE model gets quite hot, the Lights of America model is barely warm to the touch. The color of light from the GE model is warmer, almost yellow, and even more focused than the Lights of America model. It has a built-in diffuser so is not quite so shocking to look right at it. I have placed them in closets where if someone leaves the light on (a regular occurrence) the 3.5 watt consumption is almost inconsequential. I have one on the back porch, over my desk. Their cool operating temperature greatly reduces risk of fire in my opinion. Because of their directional light, they are not very suitable for area illumination, as for instance on the ceiling of a room. A fixture that allowed four or six of them (perhaps a ceiling fan) in different directions would solve this problem. The 3.5 watt version lasts a long time; none have burned out, one was a "lemon" and flickered annoyingly (bad filter capacitor probably, I threw it away), the 1.5 watt version gradually loses intensity rather more quickly than I consider acceptable. LED's rarely burn out suddenly, but they DO fade gradually.	
15511	Deceptive packaging - be warned!	I bought these, wanting to try out LED replacements for conventional accent lights. The packaging shows them installed in a kitchen, and if you look at the photo carefully, you can even see a dimmer switch in the photo. I got them home, tried them out, and they don't work with a dimmer switch. No where on the packaging does it say "not for use with a dimmer", but on the bulb itself, that message is printed onto the base of the bulb.	
15512	Indoor LED Spotlight	This is a 2 pack not 3 as stated in heading. Nice bright blue LED down light. More of a spot light than a flood light. Purchased at Sams Club. A true 45 watt replacement.	
15513	High failure rate, do not last long, terrible customer support	I splurged and bought 20 different LED lights from Lights of America at Wal*Mart last year to replace various florescent and incandescent lights around the house (night lites, reading lamps, over the sink lights, extra lighting in the bathroom). 25% were dead right out of the package. After just a few months of moderate use I had an 80% failure rate. It's been almost a year now and I only have four LED lights still working - and one is blinking (which some did before they died). Wal*Mart took back the first 25%, but foolish me, I lost the receipt for the rest (if you decide to risk it and buy these, keep your receipt where you can find it, and make copies if you buy multiple LEDs - don't give away your only receipt the first time one goes bad). Contacting Lights of America does not do any good - silence (so much for a two year warranty). The LEDs are made in China and I believe they probably went with a contractor who underbid so much that he had to cut corners by using old electronics (capacitors, etc). Apparently Lights of America have very little quality control auditing/oversight. This is an inferior product that will not last anywhere near what it should (it should last for many years of normal use). Customer support is non-existent. And Wal*Mart should stop stocking their product.	
15514	Worthy for the price	I bought the same bulb from walmart, at same price. Light can be compared to a 25W. I think the best calculation is LED watt multiply by 8 to get incandescent power.I use it as the secondary bulb in by bed side lamp. Light is directional but worth trying for auxiliary uses.	
15515	great buy	I bought my subs locally they work awesome i don't even have them turned half way up and the hit really really hard they blow my friends system away and he has well over a grand in his. but i would recommend buying them locally of from a authorized dealer so you have warranty just in case. i talked with mtx to find a dealer the dealer on amazon is not a mtx dealer so you wont have a warranty but finger hut is a mtx dealer. but i do love the subs and plain on buying mtx subs for my other cars soon	
15522	1 Fatal Flaw	This otherwise excellent product has 1 fatal design flaw for me, which you may or may not care about. Here is the flaw: when you connect a wired headset to the cordless handset, the sound volume is too weak even with the volume control set to maximum. I have tried using 3 different wired headsets with the same bad results. Panasonic tech support was not able to fix this problem despite my spending hours on the phone with them (using my land line!) By the way, my hearing is normal, and the wired headsets produce loud sound volume when used with my cell phones and desk phones. Speaking as an electrical engineer myself, this is a design flaw. Panasonic needs to boost the gain on the output jack used by the wired headsets. Until they do, I cannot recommend this product for use with a wired headset. Sadly, this is an excellent product in every other respect.	BrandXYZ KX-TG6441T Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Answering Machine
15523	Great Phone	Has all the features I need and works great. Sound quality is very clear. The only drawback is I wish the volume could go a little bit higher.	BrandXYZ KX-TG6441T Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Answering Machine
15524	Great little phone to replace my old Panasonic	Bouhgt it to replace my 2.4 GHz phone. Needed base keypad and headset jack - that's the only model that has both. I did not have any problem with the headset volume. It is somewhat tedious to erase calls from the the CID list. Also, answering system does not show the number of old undeleted messages, so the memory could be nearly full or full if you do not delete them in time.	BrandXYZ KX-TG6441T Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Answering Machine
15525	Panasonic Answering machine comments	Our phone and additional handset work fine, but the voice caller ID feature is more annoying than useful. The computer generated voice has a distinct accent that is hard to understand; for example, ILL (Illinois) is pronounced something that sounds like "ariel". I haven't tried all the functions yet, but I hope they work better than the voice.	BrandXYZ KX-TG6441T Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Answering Machine
15942	great computer if portability matters	I've always been a fan of ultraportable computers, and I've owned a few, which include a Motion LS800 tablet, Raon Everun, Vaio TX, Vaio TZ, and an Asus 1000H. So, my review is based upon my experience with those machines. The Vaio P, in my opinion, is the ideal combination of portability and functionality, if typing is an integral part of your computing needs. I bought 2 of them (one for me, one for the wife) as soon as they were announced on the Sony website, and have been using it for about 2 weeks. PRO'S: (1) SCREEN RESOLUTION: One issue that I have always had with any ultraportable (outside of the Vaio TX and TZ) has been low screen resolution (e.g. 1028 x 680), which has always lead to lots of scrolling and/or zooming-out. The resolution on the Vaio P is, in one word, incredible. EVERY webpage is viewable in its entirety on the screen, as is EVERY document I need to read or edit. The downside is that text ends up being VERY small on the screen, but still legible to me (I type documents in 10-pt Times New Roman font). However, there is a personalization option available that allows you to make text/icons 125% larger than normal, which makes things much easier to see. My wife wears glasses and has trouble reading the text at normal settings, so she uses that mode and it works well for her. (2) PORTABILITY: Okay, let's not kid ourselves here. This thing will NOT fit in your shirt/pants pocket (unless you're wearing very baggy cargo pants), but it will fit in a purse or any small satchel. Weight is negligible, even with the extended-life battery attached. Portability is a big thing for me in my profession (medical student, MD in a few months), and this machine can easily fit in the pocket of my white coat when I'm on the move. (3) THE KEYBOARD: I type extensively as part of my profession, and having a usable keyboard is a component that has always been missing from any computer that I could carry on my person. My Motion tablet and Everun were useful for reading on-the-go, but essentially useless for typing anything beyond a short phrase. My Vaio TX/TZ have great keyboards (I've typed thousands of pages on them), but the machines themselves are too large to carry on me at all times. Let me also take this opportunity to point out that, in comparison to the Asus 1000H, the Vaio P is not just another crappy netbook. The keyboard on the 1000H, for many reasons, is a low-quality component that definitely shows with heavy use. Any typing mistakes made with the Vaio P are genuinely my own keystroke mistakes, which was not the case with the Asus (90% of the time, it was just the junky keyboard causing mistakes). The right-shift key on the Vaio P is truncated, but its placement to the left of the arrow keys makes it a much more natural motion to hit, and something that you can become accustomed to without causing you to alter your typing accuracy on a normal-sized keyboard, which was really just impossible with the 1000H (that had the right shift key placed to the right of the arrow keys). (4) FUNCTIONALITY: It is a fully-functional PC, capable of running any program you might need to run, given that you're not trying to use this as a gaming PC. I have installed Windows 7 on my Vaio P, which has made it much more efficient at running multiple programs simultaneously, as well as improving stability. I would highly recommend this upgrade for anyone purchasing this machine. CONS: (1) VISTA: This machine should have come standard with XP. Vista boot time is horrendously slow, even from hibernation, and installing Windows 7 does not fix this problem. My other ultraportables running XP were able to return from hibernation in about 20-60 seconds. The Vaio P takes probably 2-3 minutes. Maybe I'm a little impatient, but I want my computer to be ON when I turn it on. The integrated instant-on technology is not terribly useful to me because I generally need to use programs other than Media player or Firefox when I fire my machine up. (2) NOT USER-UPGRADEABLE: As I understand it, the RAM is soldered to the motherboard and thus not upgradeable. 3 GB of RAM would have made the VAIO P much faster, and would have alleviated problem (1) I described above, and with 3 GB of RAM, Windows 7 would not even be a necessity because it would then be able to run Vista acceptably. (3) STANDARD BATTERY LIFE: Sony touts 4 hours of life with the standard battery, which is of course a lie. It's more like 2.5 to 3 hours with screen brightness turned down to 1 or 2 (at which it is still very much readable/viewable), with WiFi on. I also have the large capacity battery, which takes it to 6.5 to 7 hours at the same settings. The large capacity battery adds maybe 1 to 1.5 cm of height to the machine, which is something of an eyesore, but I will make the sacrifice because the added battery life is worth more to me than the 0.2 lbs (not noticeable) and increased size. (4) LACK OF TOUCHPAD: This omission is well-documented in other reviews; the pointing stick does what it is intended to do and it does it well -- however, it does NOT replace the touchpad or a mouse. Most people are already well-aware of this issue before purchasing the Vaio P. One thing I would liked to have seen instead is the optical mouse like on the Raon Everun, which is an intuitive and exceptional pointing device that is easier to use than the pointing stick. *CONCLUSION: the Vaio P is an exceptional device of modern engineering that allows its owners to maintain productivity at a level comparable to that of a laptop while away from home, or when lugging a laptop case is impractical -- thus, I must stress that it is intrinsically a COMPANION PC. One should not expect this to REPLACE a primary PC, nor should one anticipate using this as their laptop 100% of the time, 24/7, because it simply would be foolish and needlessly uncomfortable to do so. I would make the analogy of comparing WiFi to a T1 connection -- given the choice and availability, no one would choose WiFi over a T1 connection, but the convenience and mobility of a WiFi connection are advantages that the T1 cannot match. In the same way, the Vaio P offers unmatched portability and convenience, but its purpose is of a different nature than the primary laptop/desktop -- so, as long as you keep that difference in mind, the Vaio P should enhance your productivity and live up to its tag of being a "lifestyle" PC.	About the size of a business envelope and roughly as thin as a cell phone, the BrandXYZ VAIO P Series Lifestyle PC weighs just 1.4 pounds and is small enough to slip into a jacket pocket or handbag. But more than just offering easy mobility, the Lifestyle PC is packed full of advanced computing, communication, and location capabilties. It comes with the Windows Vista operating system, supporting office applications and all the software programs routinely found in full-size notebooks. This versio...
18818	Remarkable sound & quality	I recently switched from a NAD amp/receiver to the Parasound Zamp, primarily due to not needing a preamp or radio tuner anymore, and liking the more compact Zamp size. I was surprised, and very happy, to find that the Zamp also gave a remarkable improvement in sound quality. Nothing changed except the amp (same sets of speakers in same locations, same input source, etc.). I didn't expect that -- NAD is considered a good / audiophile maker -- but the Zamp sounds just much better. The best analogy is: after cleaning your windows when you're surprised at how much more light and detail comes in, even though they didn't *look* dirty before. The music just sounds much more 3-dimensional, and live, and clear. The unit runs cool, cooler than the NAD, and with the auto-on feature, I'm saving electricity, and the compact size is really great, which is what I wanted in the first place, but the best thing is the unexpected and much improved sound. Highly recommended.	The Zamp v.3 - fully discrete 45W x 2 Amplifier continues BrandXYZ's proven amplifier design to give you stellar reliability, amazing sound quality, and plenty of power, all in a small package. Whether you use it as a zone amplifier or the centerpiece of a mini-component system, this full featured amplifier will exceed your expectations.
15943	Ultra-portable Netbook Ever.	I have used few other laptops and desktops. But this was my first try with "netbook." This products has a great features, style, and size and that's one of the reason I bought this netbook. There are some pros and cons about this and I'll let you know to help you on purchasing this item. pros: 1. The Size: size of this product is just amazing. There are few other netbooks came out but this is the smallest. Very handy and portable. I mean who's gonna beat the size of 9.65" x 4.72" x 0.78" and the weight of 1lb 4.8oz? The only thing is, it's not going to fit on your hip pocket, like it advertised. But It will fit on your hand just fine, or for girls, it will fit on your small purse. 2. The resolution: Most of the netbooks came out with the screen resolution of 1028 x 680, but Sony made this 1600 x 768, which provides more comfortable views for users. Although, the 8 inch screen is kindda too small for that resolution, you might feel tired after looking at the screen for long time. 3. The instant booting system: The instant booting system (based on Linux system) takes about 15 seconds to boot up, you can browse websites, watch movies or listen to musics. You can also boot up the computer to windows mode from there. This comes very handy. Cons: 1. Sony just had to make it with the Vista. The performance goes dramatically down running Vista on this product. You can also downgrade it to XP, which makes VAIO P much faster to perform, but you will find lags watching movies because there's no GMA 500 chip set driver for XP. The best way to use VAIO P is to upgrade its operating system to Windows 7, overall performance was very nice. Although, it might be slower than XP, you can use GMA 500 driver and overall performance is good. 2. VAIO P is using 1.33GHz Z520 Intel Atom Processor. This chip set makes VAIO P not able to perform as fast as other laptops, but for netbooks, it is pretty fast. 3. The price of this is about $1,000 when most of netbook's price is around $500. I don't think VAIO P performs twice as much as other netbooks, but the design of it is more than twice as much as other products. 4. HD (Hard Disk) performance is much lower than SSD (Solid State Disk) performance. I think it'd be much better to choose SSD model if you want to buy this. Bad about it is the capacity. It only holds 60GB for HD, and 64GB for SSD. Overall, This is a netbook that I personally thought of best. I think this is definitely not for the main computer, but great for sub-computer. It comes very handy and portable, so if you are looking for a sub-computer (or laptop), this is one of the best.	About the size of a business envelope and roughly as thin as a cell phone, the BrandXYZ VAIO P Series Lifestyle PC weighs just 1.4 pounds and is small enough to slip into a jacket pocket or handbag. But more than just offering easy mobility, the Lifestyle PC is packed full of advanced computing, communication, and location capabilties. It comes with the Windows Vista operating system, supporting office applications and all the software programs routinely found in full-size notebooks. This versio...
15978	This Camera Rocks!	I have to admit, the first time I saw the Samsung SL620 on-line, I wasn't exactly blown away. I mean, it looks nice enough, and the 3" LCD screen is bigger than the screens on most other cameras in its class. But to tell the truth, it seemed a little boring. So I passed on it. Instead, I ordered a Nikon Coolpix S230 - on the surface, a much sexier camera. 3" LCD TOUCH SCREEN, the ability to write on photographs with the included stylus, this was the exciting technology I was looking for. Right? Wrong. It turned out the Coolpix S230 was a complete dud (see my review of that camera for more details). I ended up sending it back. When I did, I decided to take another look at the SL620 - best thing I could've done! This camera takes the clearest pictures you can imagine. The level of detail in each shot is incredible. And that doesn't just apply to the still camera. The video on this thing is fantastic as well (the audio isn't always as loud as I'd like, but that warrants a minor gripe at best). It also has cool features like Smile Detection, which actually waits for the subject of the photo to smile before snapping the shot, and Dual Image Stabilization, which reduces the blur caused by a user's hand shaking. It offers several shooting modes - including "Smart Auto," which takes all the work out of getting the perfect photograph - and a 5X optical zoom. Trust me, people may not ooh and ahh when you first pull the SL620 out to take a picture, but they will when they see the photos it takes. And for the price, this camera can't be beat. I'm in love with mine and you will be, too! Buy it.	The SL620 has everything you need in one compact camera. 12.2 megapixels give you the power to capture memories with beautiful details. And with a 5x optical zoom, it's easy to get close to your subjects. Worried that photos might be less than perfect? The SL620 includes the BrandXYZ perfect portrait system which automatically retouches facial imperfections, selects the right scene mode and more. Make every shot is a beauty, with the SL620 digital camera.
15979	Samsung sl620 review!	This camera gets a thumbs up! U cant ask for more unless you go to the $300.00 price range. Great Pics and great videos too! Shows great on my samsung tv Samsung has really stepped their game up... Im a samsung fan,and their customer service is great.....Luv My Cam!!!!!	The SL620 has everything you need in one compact camera. 12.2 megapixels give you the power to capture memories with beautiful details. And with a 5x optical zoom, it's easy to get close to your subjects. Worried that photos might be less than perfect? The SL620 includes the BrandXYZ perfect portrait system which automatically retouches facial imperfections, selects the right scene mode and more. Make every shot is a beauty, with the SL620 digital camera.
18783	Not Happy	This is the first mp3 player that I have had since my ipod. The thing I liked about the ipod was that I felt it was easy to use and to create play lists that were easily accessable on the device. (I like my music to be organized and like to listen to a variety of artists depending on my mood which makes the play lists good). I tried using the software that came with the player and this was completely useless. KI would make a play list and sync it up and nothing would transfer with the play list it was all separate and off of the main menu ( you would think it would put it under music in thje main menu right....nope. I tried with windows media player and that didn't work either. So I finally copy and pasted to it from the drive menu on the computer and that seemed to work, although I'm not happy with the way the player names the files that are transffered to it. So now that I thought I finally figured this thing it out...it keeps freezing, and now won't turn on at all. It is nice that it has a speaker on the outside and a radio feature, and pictures look good on the display. Wanting this mostly for music I am very disappointed.	BrandXYZ MP836-4G MP3 Player with 3-inch Color LCD, 4GB Flash Memory with FM and Touch Screen Control, supports MP3, WMA, OGG, AVI, WMV, MP4, ASF, JPEG, BMP, GIF, and TXT, black
18784	I love my IPEVO Skype phone	I bought this phone, because other 2 skype phones that I tried Netgear and Belkin had very bad sound quality and connectivity to my Wi-Fi network. When I found that IPEVO just made available Wi-Fi Skype phone I knew that these people are going to put the best they can in this phone, and I was right. Pros: - Good Design - Very Easy to setup (5 steps) - Keyboard Keys are very soft to press. - Layout of the Keys is intuitive, similar to Cellphone, which is very intuitive and easy to make a call. - Larger Bright Screen- Good battery life - Sound quality is amazing. - Headphone jack. Yes Cons: - No SMS - No Speakerphone I have to say thank you IPEVO for this good quality skype phone. I wish this would be available long time ago. Also thank you for the USB Splitter gift, i like it a lot.	
15945	Horribly slow...real bummer	This is such a nicely made laptop. Awesome style, beautiful design..not a bad price considering Sony Vaio's past history. The text is going to be small and it's something you will have to deal with if you want the portability.You can increase the font size but I didn't like how it distorted some of the graphics. Keyboard is decent as well for the size. It does tend to run really hot so I doubt there is any cooling system in this tiny little package.The pointer mouse also takes some getting used to. My biggest gripe is how incredibly slow this thing is. I had the Vaio TX series before this one and it too was impossible to run on Vista. I agree this needs to be downgraded to XP. In my experience I have not had too many pc's that ran well on Vista anyway. As a matter of fact I just installed Windows 7 Ultimate on an Acer Aspire One and that seems to work better than Vista as well. I might try that first before I switch this to XP. I may end up returning this if it continues to be slow. My $300 Acer runs so much better out of the box than this one. Also, like the TX series I purchased before this, it comes with so much crap on it that it takes up 20gb+ of the 60gb hard drive.	About the size of a business envelope and roughly as thin as a cell phone, the BrandXYZ VAIO P Series Lifestyle PC weighs just 1.4 pounds and is small enough to slip into a jacket pocket or handbag. But more than just offering easy mobility, the Lifestyle PC is packed full of advanced computing, communication, and location capabilties. It comes with the Windows Vista operating system, supporting office applications and all the software programs routinely found in full-size notebooks. This versio...
15958	Sony P Series	This latop is the most beautiful thing ever. It's really slow though, I dont know if it's windows vista that makes it that slow or the processor itself but I waste so much time browing the net with it. It also very small, the text is so small that you have to take it really close to your eyes in order to read. I had to sold it on ebay just after a week of using it. I can live with the small text but the speed really killing me.	About the size of a business envelope and roughly as thin as a cell phone, the BrandXYZ VAIO P Series Lifestyle PC weighs just 1.4 pounds and is small enough to slip into a jacket pocket or handbag. But more than just offering easy mobility, the Lifestyle PC is packed full of advanced computing, communication, and location capabilties. It comes with the Windows Vista operating system, supporting office applications and all the software programs routinely found in full-size notebooks. This versio...
18792	lovin' it	love this thing. using it on wireless and the picture and sound are great. like having a video library without the hassles of actually owning the dvds.	With Wi-Fi and High Definition playback capability built-in, BrandXYZ HD Player is the easiest way to stream top-quality instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The best-selling HD Player has everything you need to start enjoying endless entertainment from the comfort of your couch. No wonder it's Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FREE music from...
18796	How did we live without it?	We LOVE our Roku player. It was simple to install and easy to learn how to operate. Now we can never complain we have nothing new to watch!	With Wi-Fi and High Definition playback capability built-in, BrandXYZ HD Player is the easiest way to stream top-quality instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The best-selling HD Player has everything you need to start enjoying endless entertainment from the comfort of your couch. No wonder it's Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FREE music from...
15961	Sony Vaio VGN-P530H/Q	What I expected, would like to have had better sound, as the sound is to weak, even with good headphones, to listen to a DVD on my Sony, while on the airplane.	About the size of a business envelope and roughly as thin as a cell phone, the BrandXYZ VAIO P Series Lifestyle PC weighs just 1.4 pounds and is small enough to slip into a jacket pocket or handbag. But more than just offering easy mobility, the Lifestyle PC is packed full of advanced computing, communication, and location capabilties. It comes with the Windows Vista operating system, supporting office applications and all the software programs routinely found in full-size notebooks. This versio...
18815	Company knowingly sells faulty products and has bad customer service.	I don't own this product but another one from the same company - a Roku R1000 internet radio. We loved the product while it worked but recently the power supply died after less than 2 years. Of course it's out of warranty and the company won't even respond to questions on how to send it for repair. Look at http://forums.rokulabs.com and you will find many other customers with exactly the same problem - some of them are now talking about filing a class action lawsuit. Although my experience was with another one of their products, not this one, ask yourself: Would you want to buy a product from a company which has a track record of selling a faulty product and not making amends to their customers?	With Wi-Fi and High Definition playback capability built-in, BrandXYZ HD Player is the easiest way to stream top-quality instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The best-selling HD Player has everything you need to start enjoying endless entertainment from the comfort of your couch. No wonder it's Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FREE music from...
15965	Don't Buy it Now	This laptop is good but it isn't great, the pointing stick is really sensitive, and the keyboard is really easy to adjust to, but it is very easy to leave fingerprints on the cover; nonetheless, this is good machine. The US version comes with the Intel Atom 1.33GHz, but the Japanese version as well as the ones in Hong Kong come with the option of choosing Intel Z520 1.33GHz, Z530 1.6GHz, and Z540 1.86GHz. Once again the US isn't getting the "right" stuff, for some reason US will also have this lag in presenting us the product we wanted. I also asked one of the sales representative, and he says there will be an upgraded version in US, but it's going to take awhile, so don't waste your money now and wait for the upgrades or you could choose to buy the Japanese version, which is available in many websites.	About the size of a business envelope and roughly as thin as a cell phone, the BrandXYZ VAIO P Series Lifestyle PC weighs just 1.4 pounds and is small enough to slip into a jacket pocket or handbag. But more than just offering easy mobility, the Lifestyle PC is packed full of advanced computing, communication, and location capabilties. It comes with the Windows Vista operating system, supporting office applications and all the software programs routinely found in full-size notebooks. This versio...
15969	Impossibly Slow; but beautiful....	I bought the green HDD model on an impulse but returned it. It is impossibly slow. Downgrading to Windows XP may not be impossible, but it's not easy, either. For this price, you really have to be in love with the form rather than the function. Sorry, I wish it were otherwise.	About the size of a business envelope and roughly as thin as a cell phone, the BrandXYZ VAIO P Series Lifestyle PC weighs just 1.4 pounds and is small enough to slip into a jacket pocket or handbag. But more than just offering easy mobility, the Lifestyle PC is packed full of advanced computing, communication, and location capabilties. It comes with the Windows Vista operating system, supporting office applications and all the software programs routinely found in full-size notebooks. This versio...
18813	Premim cable package is misleading	The premium cables include 1 3 bundled phono plug, which is already included with the player. The other two are an optical cable and a HDMI cable, which might have something to do with high definition television or something. So if you don't have a wireless modem and are living in the stone-age like me, don't waste money on cables that you don't need. All you need is the phono plug cable and you have to go shell out maybe 30 bucks for an ethernet cable or go get a wireless router or modem.	With Wi-Fi and High Definition playback capability built-in, BrandXYZ HD Player is the easiest way to stream top-quality instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The best-selling HD Player has everything you need to start enjoying endless entertainment from the comfort of your couch. No wonder it's Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FREE music from...
15970	what a desappointement	this is my fourtn sony laptop in three years and the most disapponting the screen you can eventually tolerate, the battery last barely 40 minutes , but the main problem is how sloww and frustrating this laptop.. i am surprised that sony would release such a machine . i returned it after 10 days of strugling despite the 250 restocking fee .	About the size of a business envelope and roughly as thin as a cell phone, the BrandXYZ VAIO P Series Lifestyle PC weighs just 1.4 pounds and is small enough to slip into a jacket pocket or handbag. But more than just offering easy mobility, the Lifestyle PC is packed full of advanced computing, communication, and location capabilties. It comes with the Windows Vista operating system, supporting office applications and all the software programs routinely found in full-size notebooks. This versio...
18253	One of the worst product I ever bought from Amazon	There are many issues with this product but here I will highlight few key issues. 1)for the price I paid $69, sound clarity is worst then the $15 bugs bluetooth. 2)all the accessories are very delicate, the ear pins If you leave them attached to bluetooth and keep in the bag even on small weight the pin will break 3)I kept the charger in the laptop bad along with other parts,after my travel when I checked the charger the charger pin was broken.	- AliphCom Jawbone Bluetooth headset- 4 Hour talk time- 8 Day standby time- 33ft. Range- Bluetooth 2.0, 1.1, 1.0- Eliminates real world noise better than any other headset because it is the only headset that can accurately separate speech from ambient noi
15977	Pefect bag for the p	Megellan makes a bag that's perfect for the Vaio p. Check out the "Bon Voyage Bag." Exactly the same size as the p, with a great pouch for extras up front, and a strap. Nice leather, four color options, quality build. Warning: Hidden inside metal zipper pull needs to be covered with fabric tape so it won't scratch the p.	About the size of a business envelope and roughly as thin as a cell phone, the BrandXYZ VAIO P Series Lifestyle PC weighs just 1.4 pounds and is small enough to slip into a jacket pocket or handbag. But more than just offering easy mobility, the Lifestyle PC is packed full of advanced computing, communication, and location capabilties. It comes with the Windows Vista operating system, supporting office applications and all the software programs routinely found in full-size notebooks. This versio...
18812	Dosen't work for me	This is probably a perfectly good item( based on other reviews) but since it does not work for me I cannot say with certainty 5 stars. My problem is my DSL (verizon in crowded user area) is not fast enough. On the plus side of that, I am keeping it so that if Verizon makes some changes in my area, and the connection becomes better, then it may very well work great for me too.	With Wi-Fi and High Definition playback capability built-in, BrandXYZ HD Player is the easiest way to stream top-quality instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The best-selling HD Player has everything you need to start enjoying endless entertainment from the comfort of your couch. No wonder it's Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FREE music from...
15980	Had this for 2 weeks now, here is my experience	I got this camera because it was on sale, a good bargain for a 12 MP camera. I have a Samsung 52" LCD HD TV that I am so happy about and love a lot. The price was much less than the competition from Sony or Mitsubishi on the TV I felt like I got a real value and thought I would trust Samsung again because I knew what they are capable of. The SL620 is a nice form factor, fits in my pocket and comes out ready for action quickly. It has the 12.2 Megapixels and 5x zoom, really astonishing technical achievements in a great package. There are some things that I do not like about this camera that might have been deal breakers had I known about it before my purchase. I really do not like the proprietary USB port and cable. Every time I go to hook this up to charge it or download the mini-hdmi (what it looks like) connector does not want to connect. It is hard to see whether it is up or down because it is so small. This is really irritating, and I am sure would be expensive if I ever lost or damaged the cable. A big thumbs down for that. I have gotten used to a standard mini-USB cable, but Samsung uses this one port for download, charging, and displaying to TV as well which probably saves money and parts - for them, but it does nothing to make the camera easier or better to use. Second thing is that I love the on-screen help, but when you flick between modes the text is on the screen not even fast enough to read - very frustrating. You have to keep clicking away and back to read the help screens? Maybe there is a setting to adjust this, but learning the camera becomes harder, and when they do not implement the help well, it is worse than no help at all because it is just a distraction. Next is the viewfinder. I have found that I have to be very conservative, ie. move back and try to give extra margin around my subject to shoot because what I see on the viewfinder is not necessarily the picture I end up with. I have not really analyzed this to find out exactly where the picture is or how it changes with modes, but one needs to see on the viewscreen exactly what the picture is, otherwise the viewscreen is useless too. The pictures are so huge that taking the picture seems to take a while before the camera comes back. The "snappiness" of the response leaves a bit to be desired. I also do not like the way the zoom is implemented as a vertical rocker switch up near the top of the trigger. Your thumb wants to move right and left if you hold the camera like a normal human being, and making it go up and down really makes the zoom clumsy to use, and makes the camera more likely to shake. As I said, I like the form factor, the detail is wonderful, the size and shape are great. The picture quality is very good. The screen help idea is great, and the text that comes up when you change modes is a good idea, but as I said you can hardly read it before it goes away leaving it just as hard to tell what mode you are in as the cameras that have no such help. I have to say I am disappointed overall in the design details of this camera, though all the parts are there and the picture is nice and very detailed an the zoom power is very good. The video is sharp and clear and very nice. I cannot say for sure but I think the image is stabilized in the video. I would recommend this camera for those who want all the features of a 12 MP 5x optical zoom for an inexpensive price and do not mind overlooking some ... what I think of anyway ... as bad design judgements. With proper tweaking this camera could have been so much much better. I wonder if Samsung can make a firmware upgrade or something to fix some of my gripes ... though I have never heard of a f/w upgrade for a camera.	The SL620 has everything you need in one compact camera. 12.2 megapixels give you the power to capture memories with beautiful details. And with a 5x optical zoom, it's easy to get close to your subjects. Worried that photos might be less than perfect? The SL620 includes the BrandXYZ perfect portrait system which automatically retouches facial imperfections, selects the right scene mode and more. Make every shot is a beauty, with the SL620 digital camera.
15981	Great Camera !!!	I just received this camera...picture quality is awesome...Superb 3'in LCD with great clarity...very compact & light weight & looks trendy...comes with great selection of picture modes to choose... I initially debated whether to go for Canon or Olympus...But, finally I decided to go with Samsung, and it was great choice !!!	The SL620 has everything you need in one compact camera. 12.2 megapixels give you the power to capture memories with beautiful details. And with a 5x optical zoom, it's easy to get close to your subjects. Worried that photos might be less than perfect? The SL620 includes the BrandXYZ perfect portrait system which automatically retouches facial imperfections, selects the right scene mode and more. Make every shot is a beauty, with the SL620 digital camera.
15983	Great camera	Bought this camera as a pocket camera for our trip to Europa. What a great buy!!! Better than I expected. Easy to use -- there are short help statements when you "dail" up a feature plus a short help menu. Using the "dail" to shift between mode is slick and easy. Couldn't be happier -- only a couple downers -- When battery charge goes, there is no warning (luckily I bought a spare battery that I kept charged and in my pocket). However, battery life is pretty long. I usually got through a whole day of picture taking on one battery. Another was that while in the movie mode, if you use the zoom, it can not be done smoothly and the sound recording is interrupted. However, this is a still pixs camera not a video recorder -- so what did I expect. In summary, a great camera, very satisfied.	The SL620 has everything you need in one compact camera. 12.2 megapixels give you the power to capture memories with beautiful details. And with a 5x optical zoom, it's easy to get close to your subjects. Worried that photos might be less than perfect? The SL620 includes the BrandXYZ perfect portrait system which automatically retouches facial imperfections, selects the right scene mode and more. Make every shot is a beauty, with the SL620 digital camera.
20778	Perfect solution for studio portrait sessions	I have been a beta tester for this product, and the added features of this card have really streamlined my workflow. I just finished photographing 150+ dance students - the card connected seamlessly to my dell vista laptop using the wireless ad hoc feature, over 3000 pics shot in RAW format on my Canon 1D Mark2 transferred nicely. The speed was good - clients were able to view pics of the dancers as I was shooting - by the time I finished each class, the orders were complete! The added assurance of having my files backed up right away was nice too. Great product, great tech support, if you have any need to transfer photos to your computer or to the internet, this is a must have! Nice work Eye-Fi.	4GB BrandXYZ Pro wireless SDHC memory card. Get it all and streamline your workflow. Wirelessly upload JPEG, RAW and video directly to your laptop no router required. Select which items to upload in camera, and post them on any of over 25 online sites. Geotagging and hotspot access included.
15984	Muted Volume when Zooming in Video mode	First off, I will say that I won this camera with award points. I did have some options and went with the Samsung based on the reviews I've read and the overall reputation that Samsung has for quality electronics. Having said that, I probably would not have chosen this camera if I had to pay for it because most importantly for me, it uses it's own proprietary battery, which may be commonplace nowadays, but I prefer AA batteries, which are always widely available if you get into a jam. I am not a professional photographer, although I have taken some classes in photography in my lifetime and know a little bit about photography. I have owned probably 5 other digital cameras over the years and this being the newest, I was hoping for a lot more. The images, so far only taken in Auto mode, have been a little disappoining. Perhaps I'm not using the correct shooting mode, but I know that I have always used Auto mode (which a lot of my friends who are experienced photographers also do) with my point and shoot cameras, and have gotten much crisper images. The images I took in auto mode just were not as defined as I had hoped - and the camera was set for highest resolution. Another nuisance that I noticed only months after owning it is that the audio mutes (while in video mode) when zooming in/out. I don't know if this is a defect in my camera, or a design defect. It is a consistent problem. The quality of the video, however, is the best I've had compared to all of my cameras. I am considering trying to return it, but in the meantime, just zoom in to where I need to be before hitting the record button and then just don't touch the zoom button until finished. The size and weight of the camera are fine and it does feel like it's solidly built. I'm open to the possibility that I received a lemon, but wanted to mention these issues in case others noticed them also.	The SL620 has everything you need in one compact camera. 12.2 megapixels give you the power to capture memories with beautiful details. And with a 5x optical zoom, it's easy to get close to your subjects. Worried that photos might be less than perfect? The SL620 includes the BrandXYZ perfect portrait system which automatically retouches facial imperfections, selects the right scene mode and more. Make every shot is a beauty, with the SL620 digital camera.
15985	Samsung SL620	We are happy with camera and the LCD display. The camera has met our expectations. I recommed the camera and the price point is excellent.	The SL620 has everything you need in one compact camera. 12.2 megapixels give you the power to capture memories with beautiful details. And with a 5x optical zoom, it's easy to get close to your subjects. Worried that photos might be less than perfect? The SL620 includes the BrandXYZ perfect portrait system which automatically retouches facial imperfections, selects the right scene mode and more. Make every shot is a beauty, with the SL620 digital camera.
15986	Samsung SL620 12MP Digital Camera with 5x Dual Image Stabilized Zoom and 3.0 inch LCD (Black)	For a couple of amateurs like us, this camera is excellent. Easy to use and great pics.	The SL620 has everything you need in one compact camera. 12.2 megapixels give you the power to capture memories with beautiful details. And with a 5x optical zoom, it's easy to get close to your subjects. Worried that photos might be less than perfect? The SL620 includes the BrandXYZ perfect portrait system which automatically retouches facial imperfections, selects the right scene mode and more. Make every shot is a beauty, with the SL620 digital camera.
15987	Excellent Product	This is a great camera that is easy to use and provides great picture quality. I'm certainly not a photographer but the auto lightening feature makes any picture I snap turn out wonderfully.	The SL620 has everything you need in one compact camera. 12.2 megapixels give you the power to capture memories with beautiful details. And with a 5x optical zoom, it's easy to get close to your subjects. Worried that photos might be less than perfect? The SL620 includes the BrandXYZ perfect portrait system which automatically retouches facial imperfections, selects the right scene mode and more. Make every shot is a beauty, with the SL620 digital camera.
15988	Ok camera	When your traing to take a picture and pressing the button it takes too long to do it.	The SL620 has everything you need in one compact camera. 12.2 megapixels give you the power to capture memories with beautiful details. And with a 5x optical zoom, it's easy to get close to your subjects. Worried that photos might be less than perfect? The SL620 includes the BrandXYZ perfect portrait system which automatically retouches facial imperfections, selects the right scene mode and more. Make every shot is a beauty, with the SL620 digital camera.
18232	Not so great for english-speaking Chinese learners	I was disappointed with the Pinyin input for this product. It is basically a single character mode pinyin input, i.e. it won't accept whole word or partial phrase entries like the Microsoft or Google pinyin input tools. So if you start typing "xuyao" (for the word "to need") it will halt after the "xu" and force you to select a character before moving on the the rest of the word. Accepting whole word or even phrase level input would limit the context to a few characters, aiding a non-Chinese speaker. The handwriting input seemed to work pretty good, but most beginning Chinese learners are not going to be using this as their primary input method. The Chinese pronunciation didn't make use of common rules like tone Sandhi, so the resulting voice output was very stilted and incorrect. In general the device seemed to be much geared toward a Chinese-speaker learning English, which is not surprising. It won't be very useful for my needs though.	Built in English-Chinese Dictionary with approx 300,000 searchable words and phrases. Latest version of the reputable <Oxford Advanced Learners English-Chinese Dictionary> with approx 167,000 illustrative sentences. 130,000 human voice example sentence recordings for English/Chinese and Oxford dictionaries. Built in English Collocations Dictionary, 140,000 word group and up and over 50,000 MP3 recorded sentences. Largest Downloadable professional dictionaries database, including 161 volumes of t...
18233	More than a translator	I just got back from five weeks in China. I purchased the Besta CD-637P a couple of months before I left the US. This gave me an opportunity to get familiar with it before I needed to use it. It is a multi-function device, I strongly suggest you give yourself some time to get up to speed before you need to use it. This device has a lot of functions. You do not want to be looking through a user manual while you are trying to use it. So that there's no mistake about it, I recommend this device. Although it is quite pricey and has some flaws, generally I found it to be very useful. It is far more than just a simple electronic dictionary. I plan future trips to China and even as my Mandarin skills improve, I feel this device will continue to be useful. First thing is I never had a problem with the battery running down. If you can't keep the device powered up, nothing else matters. I never had a problem with this. However, I did not use several features (like the MP3 and video player). If I had made more demands, maybe this would have been an issue. Even so, it would be easy enough to carry a spare battery as I do for my camera. So the good news first. Probably the coolest function is the ability to translate sentences rather than just words. Keep the sentences short an simple and this device does a pretty good job most of the time. I have a very basic, limited knowledge of Mandarin, this device really helps with communication. I often found myself trying to converse with folks who had a slightly better command of English than I had of Mandarin. Several times, the comment about the CD-637P was "that is cool". But beyond the translator the device provides a 3 time zone world clock. If you are texting with folks in the US, it's good to know what time it is elsewhere (no, this device does not do text messaging). There are also multiple alarms available, this came in handy on several occasions. And a calendar - it's amazing how easy it is to lose track of the day and date when removed from ones normal routine. It also provides conversions. Obviously, currency conversion is handy, but it also helps with temperature and other physical units. This also proved useful. There is also a function to keep track of expenses (this made customs declaration a breeze). A calculator is built in. There are a ton of other functions that I never used. I'm still learning how to operate this thing. But the ability to fully exploit the device was inhibited due to compatibility problems (see comments that follow). But there are a few things that are less than great about this device as well. First, it is obviously designed for a native Chinese speaking person rather than an English speaking person. At times the user interface is less than easy to interpret. The graphical menu is all but useless for an English speaker. At other times I found the text menu would be displayed in something other than English and it would take a mysterious sequence of button presses to get it back to English. The text size button is poorly placed and easy to press by accident. It took a while to re-discover how to restore the text size to something that could be easily read. The software comes on poorly labeled CDs. Finding what's what on the discs is trial and error. The vendor claims that the device is Vista compatible, which is simply not true. This is a bigger problem than it might seem at first. Due to the lack of compatibility, you can't download any updates from the web. If they should fix the compatibility problem, I have no idea of how I will be able to update my device. I can't communicate with my Vista machine. I assume that the Besta OS is updateable, but I do not have a clue how I will be able to update my device should they address some of these issues. Another major flaw is the verbal/pinyin translation. After you translate English to Mandarin you can press a button and get a rather stilted verbal Mandarin translation accompanied with pinyin. But as soon as the verbal pronounciation completes, the pinyin disappears from the screen - How dumb is that? Not a problem if you can read hanzi, but if you can read hanzi, you don't need the pinyin in the first place.	Built in English-Chinese Dictionary with approx 300,000 searchable words and phrases. Latest version of the reputable <Oxford Advanced Learners English-Chinese Dictionary> with approx 167,000 illustrative sentences. 130,000 human voice example sentence recordings for English/Chinese and Oxford dictionaries. Built in English Collocations Dictionary, 140,000 word group and up and over 50,000 MP3 recorded sentences. Largest Downloadable professional dictionaries database, including 161 volumes of t...
18234	Initially very fast .... after one month .. very very slow :(	I was happy when I got this little drive, but after one month of use, it became a disaster :( in simple words, SSD technology of OCZ Apex is NOT working with Windows Vista and windows XP !!! .... It may work with the new Windows 7 (at least this is what marketing people are saying ! ) I have followed all directions of OCZ forums, from aligning partitions , modifying registry, to disabling hibernate, swap drives, and search indexer !!!!! imagine what things you need to disable in order to get this SSD work with windows vista and XP !!!! unbelievable !!!! after all those changes it is still damn slow ... keep pausing for minutes !!! .... and dead slow with anti-virus definition update !!!! Ofcourse, my problems became disaster when the capacity of hard drive reached 70% !!! but it was also pausing before reaching that limit ! In conclusion, OCZ Apex SSD is not practical to use with either Vista or Win XP ...... hope that Windows 7 will resolve the problem ... till then I am reverting back to my old Hitachi 7200 RPM drive	The BrandXYZ Apex SATA II 2.5" Solid State Drive (SSD) Series is the affordable midrange offering for enthusiasts, system builders, and mainstream computer users demanding the latest technology in this fast-developing sector of the storage market. This cost-efficient SSD offers a reliable upgrade from traditional hard disc storage while maintaining a price point that is truly within the reach of a wide range of consumers.Offering your notebook or desktop system the incredible benefits of flash-b...
18235	Super fast	I have run this drive with both windows vista and windows 7 with zero problems. I did not have to configure anything at all, it was a simple plug it in and install windows. I would highly recommend this drive for use on any modern OS. I like this drive so much that I bought a second one for my desktop PC. This drive is made for the Sata II bus, but if you are still running a first generation Sata, you will still see a massive performance increase due to its almost instant seek times. I ran the PC Pitstop benchmark on my laptop with this drive in it, and it scored in the top zero percent. (it had no other drives as fast in its data base)	The BrandXYZ Apex SATA II 2.5" Solid State Drive (SSD) Series is the affordable midrange offering for enthusiasts, system builders, and mainstream computer users demanding the latest technology in this fast-developing sector of the storage market. This cost-efficient SSD offers a reliable upgrade from traditional hard disc storage while maintaining a price point that is truly within the reach of a wide range of consumers.Offering your notebook or desktop system the incredible benefits of flash-b...
18236	Excellent performance from this little NAS	I bought this to deal with visual effects data. That means i have 5 machines pulling hundreds of megabytes off of this at once. The Thecus has performed really well, topping out around 100mbyte/sec from ethernet. I bonded the ethernet ports for max speed and am using an SMC network switch on my setup. It's been really solid, and very quiet given the fact that i have 5 drives in it. The fact that I can easily add drives to the raid and swap them out is wonderful. The new firmware update is solid and installed without a hitch. I have recommended this device to several colleagues and would recommend it to anyone wanting a solid, small business NAS solution. I am fortunate that I have not needed support on this product as of yet. Keeping fingers crossed there. I dropped one of the stars on the rating because I was hoping to use ext4 fs and it did not support it. Having said that I am running xfs and it's been solid. Good piece of kit!	The N7700 brings the latest technologies to the table. Headlining is its whopping seven SATA hard disk bays that accommodate up to a massive 7TB of storage. If that isn't enough, the N7700 also comes equipped with an eSATA port where users can install yet another SATA hard disk.To address the needs of business, the N7700 comes with a few more outstanding features. The N7700 supports iSCSI initiators, making it easy for users can centrally manage and deploy storage for their entire network. In ad...
18237	I wish I had more to review	After researching NAS for a few weeks, I decided on the N7700 because of it's features and the positive feedback that other Thecus products have received. At this point, I'm disappointed in the company's customer support as I appear to have a compatibility problem and it seems they've lost interest in talking to me, once I'd been through all of their remedial steps. I intended to use this device as storage on a Windows network with a WS2008 DC. The trouble is, the N7700 doesn't seem to play very well with the DC. While it doesn't report errors joining the domain, I can't sync ACLs and, therefore, cannot setup non-public access to N7700 folders. I have asked Thecus if they know of any outstanding problems with WS2008 or Vista, but they have not replied. I also asked about access to their company forums as my registration email never arrived. To this they DID reply, but still have not resolved my problem. I feel like my questions regarding compatibility are being dodged. After spending $1000 on a diskless appliance, I figured their support would be better. I'm willing to be patient if the company is resolving firmware issues, but they simply aren't telling me anything. I don't know whether to attempt a return or wait for an update/resolution. At this point, I can either make this unit a large, public folder with no security, or use it as a paperweight, neither idea works for me. Having said all that, it seems like a solid piece of equipment. The setup was straight-forward other than the aforementioned issue and it continues to idle in my home office "datacenter". On the other hand, if you're concerned about compatibility with Windows networks or require thorough technical support, I would look elsewhere.	The N7700 brings the latest technologies to the table. Headlining is its whopping seven SATA hard disk bays that accommodate up to a massive 7TB of storage. If that isn't enough, the N7700 also comes equipped with an eSATA port where users can install yet another SATA hard disk.To address the needs of business, the N7700 comes with a few more outstanding features. The N7700 supports iSCSI initiators, making it easy for users can centrally manage and deploy storage for their entire network. In ad...
18302	It is HD - not bad for under $300	I also bought this camera without doing much research. I was looking for a camcorder that was HD "quality", uses SDHC memory card and for a price around $300. The Sanyo met all the criteria so I purchased it from Amazon. I also picked up a 16 gb Transcend memory card. Let's go over the PROS first -- . ++ It is really easy to use. Just point and shoot. Just like using a digital camera, except it's a digital video camera. ++ Having the memory card is so much better than using mini-DV tapes. There is no longer a need to plug the camcorder into your computer fireport or USB port. After I am done shooting, I just pop out the memory card, put it in my memory card reader and copy it onto the hard driver. Doesn't get much better than that! ++ Transferring files are a lot faster than mini-DV tapes. Before, you had to play/record in real time. Due to fact that everything is digital, the transfer is quite fast! ++ Battery life is very good. You can get around 200 minutes of video time. I also like the fact that the battery indicator tells you the approximate MINUTES left. I hate it when they just show a battery symbol and start deducting "spaces/icons" from the battery. I need to know the numerical time value, which this camera provides ++ YouTube uploads are amazingly easy. Just click on the file you want to use, and upload. Make sure you watch in HQ quality on YouTUbe ++ Size is perfect. It's a lot smaller than my mini-DV camcorder, but not too small where it feels like a toy. ++ Build/Construction. I bought the blue version and the blue looks very good. It feels solid in your hands and appear that it could take some abuse. It's not too light and not too heavy. It just feels good in your hands. ++ Quality - overall, quality of the video is good for a $300 video camera. You cannot expect true HD quality from this. However, I do have a problem with the focus (see the CONS below) . OK - here's the CONS . - Focus ---- the although the camera has face recogition, there is no way to "lock" onto one person. In other words, if there are 3 or 4 people in the same shot, the camera tends to jump around with the focus between the different faces and it gets annoying during playback. It seems like the camera keeps searching for the right focus. If there is a way to "lock" onto a face, please let me know so I can use that feature. - Indoor quality not good. There seems to be more noise than usual while shooting indoors. Of course, I should have turned on more lights indoors but I am still working on improving my indoor shots. . Would I buy this camera knowing what I know? Absolutely!! The price is right. If they could fix the focus issue, this camera would have met all my expectations	Capture lifes special moments as they happen - the new BrandXYZ Dual Camera Xacti TH1 records HD video and up to 2-megapixel digital photos with 30X optical zoom. 30x optical zoom and HD video quality make this camera truly special. It has a more traditional horizontal design but this product is far from ordinary. Its compact, lightweight design makes the TH1 extremely portable and easy to use. Videos, still photos and the various settings and menus can be easily accessed with the users thumb....
19202	Great Product for the money	I have had this unit for close to a month, and love the features. Suggest you read the manual before attempting to connect, yes resist the guy urge. I have a fairly simple setup, Sumsung HLT-5075S, Dirctv with DVR, Sony 5 disk player and a Harmony remote. My biggest surprise was the Harmony already had the codes, except Ipod took some sluething and manual button setup. Being able to use one HDMI cable from the cable box into the VSX-1019ah-k and one cable into the Samsung TV, was great. One glitch, I did need to run an RCA audio from Directv box into the receiver for some channels, and the receiver at times misses automatically switching from HDMI cable to the tv/sat audio. My fix is clicking tv/sat for sound, then click the HDMI to get the picture and sound. Using the microphone to balance and setup the speakers is easy, provided you find the "receiver" button on remote. Also having 6 different audio setups on the receiver makes switching from daytime listening, or watching a movie, or listening to Ipod, or even old cd's a breeze, once you have the basic settings you like. The sound is wonderful. The receiver has a lot features for audio and video settings, just play with it and browse the manual a couple of times. I use the volume max on setting, saves me if I turn the unit on after my kids have using it. The Ipod feature is great, the cable is included and connect on the front. You can use the remote and tv to make your selections. I am very happy with this unit.	The VSX-1019AH-K represents the pinnacle of the BrandXYZ receiver line. This hub for your home entertainment center allows you to enjoy your favorite movies on Blu-ray disc, DVD or VHS on your flat-panel television like never before. With standard features that include a phenomenal ability to upscale and convert analog video signals to 1080p when transmitted through HDMI to your high definition television, the VSX-1019AH-K?s video scaler presents you with nothing but the best quality possible to...
19205	Excellent Reciever, excellent value...	I have had this receiver hooked up for about a week now and I am very pleased with it. I fretted for a while about which receiver I wanted to buy, I was orginally torn between the Pioneer 1018 and the Onkyo 606, then this reciever vs. the Onkyo 607. I finally went with this one and it was a great choice. I have all new equipment - a new Samsung plasma TV, a Sony Blu-ray player, and a direct TV HD-20 DVR with Polk 6750 speakers (5.1) and everything hooked up great with HDMI. I did not have the issue with audio that others with the HD-20 DVR have had - it all came through with just the HDMI. The IPod interface works great - even better than I had hoped. I don't claim to be an audiophile or anything, but for an average guy who wants an easy receiver to set up that provides great home theater sound for a decent price- this was just what I was looking for. If I find any issues in the future, I'll update this review.	The VSX-1019AH-K represents the pinnacle of the BrandXYZ receiver line. This hub for your home entertainment center allows you to enjoy your favorite movies on Blu-ray disc, DVD or VHS on your flat-panel television like never before. With standard features that include a phenomenal ability to upscale and convert analog video signals to 1080p when transmitted through HDMI to your high definition television, the VSX-1019AH-K?s video scaler presents you with nothing but the best quality possible to...
18303	Not all HD is equal: good camcorder for beginners, but don't expect too much from the "HD" imagery	The specs for this camcorder are exciting; the images, sadly, are not really much better than standard definition images. If you want something to capture video for the web, and that allows you to do more tweaking than you can with simpler camcorders like the , then this would not be a bad choice. Just don't expect it to give you truly high quality images. Also, the onboard memory holds next to nothing, so when buying this camcorder you should factor in the price of at least an 8GB SDHC card to store the video you shoot. Overall, I think this would be a very good camcorder for beginners, since it is easier to work with flash memory than to mess around with tapes, and since practicing with the functions here will prepare one for using a more advanced camcorder when the time comes (and the budget allows). It does look good, and is fairly well designed. For many purposes this would be just the thing. I shot some footage with this in its "SD" 30fps mode and its "HD" 30fps mode (which uses a lot more memory per minute of video), and played it all back on my 42" SANYO LCD HD television using an HDMI cable. What surprised me was that I could distinguish very little overall difference in quality. There was more contrast in the HD picture, which is important, but otherwise I couldn't tell a difference - at least, I couldn't say for sure which video images I preferred. In a situation where my aim was just to capture what's going on, I'd be as happy with a Flip as with this (of course with the Flip there is next to no zooming, so it wouldn't work in every situation). But if the idea was to create a certain "look" or adapt to the needs of a unique situation (e.g. bright lights against darkness, very bright sun or snow, etc.) then it would be nice to have the flexibility of the controls on this one. Some people think that what really matters in a camcorder is the resolution. 720 pixels or even 1080 pixels sounds a lot better than 480p - this one can be set to shoot at 720p, which is, technically, "HD" - but, as it turns out, that's just one factor in a much more complex equation. The quality and size of the lens, the quality of the processor, the size of the sensor, are all factors that contribute to the overall character of the picture you can get from a camcorder. What that means is that just because a camcorder is "HD" doesn't mean it will give you the best in quality. I shot this video comparison you see here at a local nature park, using both the HD and the SD mode of the Sanyo TH1 and also shooting for comparison roughly the same images with my . It's hard to really see all the differences here on the small screen (especially given that I had to compress the video for playback on the web), but I find that even when I play it at best quality on my big screen TV it is hard to say which images I prefer. They all have a fair amount of grain to them, and none even come close to the quality of the images I can get on my , but they all look okay and for some uses just fine. The critical point for me is that between the three, even though there were some detectable differences, I couldn't decide which I liked best. (You will note in this video the obvious difference in aspect ratios, since the HD footage is widescreen and is here letterboxed so it will fit in the same size screen as the SD footage; another feature is that in bright sunlight the Flip images are pretty washed out, but they are about equivalent in normal light conditions and even relatively low light conditions). For the purposes of this test I had all the settings on automatic, and only changed the video capture setting from HD to SD between shots, but it's worth noting that unlike simpler camcorders the TH1 does give you some flexibility with the images, allowing for all the standard adjustments (white balance, exposure, etc.) and the usual settings (sports, snow, fireworks, etc.) and effects (transitions, sepia, b/w, etc.). It has an impressive 30x optical zoom - though it's not wise to zoom that far unless you've got it on a tripod because at that focal distance the image stabilization can do nothing for the shakes. This is advertised as a dual purpose camcorder, meaning it shoots both video and photos, but it is worth noting that the photos are very poor quality - not even as good as you get with most cellphones these days (technically, they are shot on a 1.1 MP sensor and blown up to 2.0 MP photos, and while the number of pixels is not the most important thing it is not unimportant and that is pretty low). One other secondary purpose is served by the fact that you can set the camcorder to record only audio, which uses much less memory than shooting video and audio at the same time. So this could also serve as a "dictaphone" or recorder. For that purpose it does well enough - and the onboard mike seems to be comparable to other camcorders in its price range. But apart from a possible use as a dictaphone, for all intents and purposes this is a camcorder that ostensibly shoots in HD but is probably best suited for video intended only to be screened on the web or personal computer or where the overall quality of the images is not of utmost importance.	Capture lifes special moments as they happen - the new BrandXYZ Dual Camera Xacti TH1 records HD video and up to 2-megapixel digital photos with 30X optical zoom. 30x optical zoom and HD video quality make this camera truly special. It has a more traditional horizontal design but this product is far from ordinary. Its compact, lightweight design makes the TH1 extremely portable and easy to use. Videos, still photos and the various settings and menus can be easily accessed with the users thumb....
18410	Works as expected	With the coming of all-digital TV, I needed a VCR recorder that had a digital tuner. After looking around on the web, I located this combo recorder, and purchased one at a local department store. The recorder is easy to use, and provides very good quality video. The downside is that you cannot watch one channel while recording another. Also, I have not successfully been able to record to DVD, but that is probably just a learning curve. I now own three of these. The latest was purchased from Amazon, which is always an easy process.	Dual Deck recorder with ATSC digital tuner. Record home movies on to DVD from Tape. HDMI up conversion out put for HD type picture quality on DVD
18411	MAGNAVOX DVD/ VCR COMBO	I've looked at and used a several DVD/VCR combos over the last couple of years but this is the best so far. I liked it so much I bought a second a few weeks later. Very easy to program.	Dual Deck recorder with ATSC digital tuner. Record home movies on to DVD from Tape. HDMI up conversion out put for HD type picture quality on DVD
18413	Good pick	It works very well I did have a little trouble figuring out the timed recording of a TV program but once I got it it was ez for the rest of the recordings.	Dual Deck recorder with ATSC digital tuner. Record home movies on to DVD from Tape. HDMI up conversion out put for HD type picture quality on DVD
18414	problems already	After having the product for less than 2 months I am having problems with it already. Sometimes when a tape is inserted it will not play or record. It spits the tape out and shuts off the power.	Dual Deck recorder with ATSC digital tuner. Record home movies on to DVD from Tape. HDMI up conversion out put for HD type picture quality on DVD
18304	You Get What You Pay For . . .	I bought this camcorder for a "cheap" way to enter the HD world of video capturing. I will wait to get a much better camcorder once I figure out how to get around editing AVCHD (and when I buy a new computer that can handle HD video editing with ease). My main use for this camcorder is capturing orchestral performances, editing it, and uploading the video to YouTube in HD quality. I also like taking video that requires no editing. In summary, this camcorder isn't the best in the world, but isn't the worst in the world. Things you should be aware of before buying this camcorder: 1) The zoom button seems flimsy. It feels like it'll break any moment. 2) The image stabilizer is not that useful (especially from 15x-30x zoom if shooting with hands). However, the image stability is greatly improved with a tripod (the video is still shaky nonetheless). 3) Not that great in low lighting conditions. 4) In a complete silence environment, you can hear noise when you zoom in or out. Not only that, you can hear other noises made from the camcorder in the audio recording in general. There's no mic input to work around this flaw. But if the environment is NOT in complete silence (like an orchestra playing), you probably won't hear the extraneous noises coming from the camcorder. Other Observations/Thoughts: 1) I use a Transcend 16GB SDHC that comes with a card reader, and it seems to work out. 2) All videos captured are saved as file type mp4. 3) It uses SDHC, which means it uses the FAT32 filing system, which means the biggest file you can create is 4GB. At the highest video setting, that would be about 1 hour of non-stop recording. I decided to test what would happen if I try to go over 4GB. So I left the camcorder on for about one hour and one minute. Then in the LCD screen, there's a countdown timer in red font indicating that it is running out of time to record. When it reached zero seconds, it auto-saves the recording, and then it starts a new recording. The file (in the SDHC) indicates that it is 3.99GB. However when I try to copy and paste this file to my computer, it won't let me. The file is now useless. So the moral of the story is, if you are using the highest video setting, don't go over 55 minutes of non-stop recording, and you'll be fine. 4) I don't really care about taking pictures on this, so I didn't test that. 5) Regarding the battery: [UPDATE: 4/14/2009] Out of the box the battery says it has 72 minutes left on it. So I started to recharge it. According to the manual, the LED will turn red if it's recharging and turn off if it's finished. Three hours pass and the LED is still red. I was wondering how can this thing charge for so long. So I unplugged it and checked the battery life. It says 207 minutes. I plugged it back in to recharge it again. The LED is off. In summary, it seems that the recharging indicator isn't reliable. Video Editing/AVCHD section ------------------------------------------ Of course editing video in AVCHD is a different beast altogether. So my review rating is not affected by this. My Computer Specs: OS: Windows XP CPU: AMD Athlon XP +1800 Memory: 2 x 512MB Video Card: ATI Radeon 8500 LE 128MB First, here is what I WANT done in the video editing process: 1) If the video doesn't need to be edited, I should be able to upload to YouTube in HD quality 2) If a video DOES need to be edited, there should be a way to "uncompress it" with a lossless technique (like huffYUV), or a way to edit the mp4 file directly with advanced editing techniques, compress it, and output to YouTube, DVD, or Blu-Ray. Now I will tell you if steps 1) and 2) can be done based on my experience. Step 1) can be done. Just upload the mp4 file to YouTube (it's in HD quality), and that's it. Step 2) is rather interesting. Here's what I've done so far. a) install lame mp3 and ffdshow codecs b) install and load "pazera free mp4 to avi converter" c) uncompress the mp4 file to HuffYUV lossless (this will be the intermediate file for editing). This may cause the frame rate to lag (but I'm using a slow computer). Also take note that HuffYUV will produce a big file (about 31 MB/s for me). We do step c) because VirtualDub can't load mp4 files. d) install and load VirtualDub (or whatever video editor you use that can let you edit HuffYUV), and do your video editing. e) compress video to ffdshow mpeg4 (fourcc = MP4V) 4000kbit/s: audio to lame mp3 128kbit/s f) Done (the compressed file doesn't lag for me anymore). I am still searching for software that can do advanced video editing for AVCHD (or an uncompressed format) since VirtualDub can only do simple editing.	Capture lifes special moments as they happen - the new BrandXYZ Dual Camera Xacti TH1 records HD video and up to 2-megapixel digital photos with 30X optical zoom. 30x optical zoom and HD video quality make this camera truly special. It has a more traditional horizontal design but this product is far from ordinary. Its compact, lightweight design makes the TH1 extremely portable and easy to use. Videos, still photos and the various settings and menus can be easily accessed with the users thumb....
20787	Nice idea, terrible execution	I've had an eye-fi card for several months. At first, I thought I had found an elegant solution for what was to me was a painful process, that of offloading photos from my camera safely and reliably. Then I realized it had a terrible flaw: it doesn't have the ability to clean up after itself. It does upload photos whenever it's connected, but once the card is full, its up to you to delete the uploaded photos yourself. And, it's up to you to figure out how far the card had gotten by the time you needed space. To add to the pain, my Nikon D300 doesn't keep applying power to the card by default (why would it?), so I had to modify the timeout settings in the camera to keep power applied long enough to get the latest pictures offloaded first. Success here is pretty much a crap shoot, and I spent far more time fiddling to make sure the camera was uploading than I would have just pulling the card out and plugging it into my computer. Furthermore, extending the timeout cost me valuable battery life. In my book, if you have to pull the card out of your camera for any reason, or have to think twice about how the card is doing its work, the point is lost. I'm now going back to a plain vanilla flash card. Simple, elegant.	4GB BrandXYZ Pro wireless SDHC memory card. Get it all and streamline your workflow. Wirelessly upload JPEG, RAW and video directly to your laptop no router required. Select which items to upload in camera, and post them on any of over 25 online sites. Geotagging and hotspot access included.
18309	Almost perfect family camera/camcorder combo	The Sanyo VPC-TH1 HD is an entry level high definition SD camcorder with digital camera mode. Unlike its more expensive (and heavier) big brother, the , it does not support full HD (1080p) but only 720p HD. The video modes supported are 1280x720@30fps (720p), 640x480@60fps and 640x480@30fps (SD). The lens provides a 30x zoom and is the 35mm equivalent of a 43mm-1290mm zoom, with a 37mm accessory thread. The layout of the VPC-TH1 is practically identical to that of the VPC-FH1: same crisp flip-out widescreen LCD monitor, same logically organized controls at the back (4 buttons: still, movie, rec/play, menu, and a mini-joystick). The zoom control is located at the top of the camera, and you will find a flash below the lens (for still pictures only). The underside features a standard tripod screw mount and the battery compartment. Flipping open the monitor reveals the SD card slot, an HDMI connector, a USB/AV connector and the on/off switch. When the camera is on, closing the monitor puts it in stand-by; flip open the monitor and the camera is ready to shoot in about 4 seconds. The controls are very simple, and anybody vaguely familiar with the operation of a camcorder can learn how to use it in a few minutes. However, all automatic features can be turned off or controlled via extensive menus, and the power user will delight in the plethora of available settings. The best feature, inherited from SLR cameras, is the capability to assign custom shortcuts to the mini-joystick so that you can access your 4 favorite features quickly while shooting without having to wade through menus. CONS ---- - No docking station - No external charger; you charge the battery by plugging the power adapter into the camera (an is available at extra cost) - Unremarkable still picture quality - Weak low-light performance - Widest angle not quite wide enough (43mm equivalent) but that's a common problem with camcorders - Not a full-HD camcorder - Electronic image stabilization is unconvincing - Bundled software Windows only (but camcorder is fully supported by OSX's iLife) PROS ---- - Simple to operate but feature-rich - Excellent performance in good lighting conditions - "Face Chaser" - Fast, efficient autofocus - Long zoom lens - Uses standard encoding format usable on computers without conversion - Built-in simple video editing allows in-camera trimming and joining - Lens thread allowing the use of accessories, such as the , and CONCLUSION ---------- This camcorder's weakest points, poor low light performance and insufficient electronic image stabilization, are standard fare for an entry level camcorder. However, give it some light and/or a tripod and it starts shining. Good color fidelity and contrast, good motion, ease of use, 720p HD, you get quite a lot for very little. This can make a great first camcorder for a family or a teenager, and you can't really go wrong at this price. You probably want to add a tripod and a case to your purchase, and a wide angle lens wouldn't hurt either. If you want a still camera replacement, great low light performance and good image stabilization, this is not the camera for you, but be prepared to spend significantly more money; otherwise, the VPC-TH1 HD is an excellent, sturdy and inexpensive well rounded family camcorder that I can recommend without any hesitation.	Capture lifes special moments as they happen - the new BrandXYZ Dual Camera Xacti TH1 records HD video and up to 2-megapixel digital photos with 30X optical zoom. 30x optical zoom and HD video quality make this camera truly special. It has a more traditional horizontal design but this product is far from ordinary. Its compact, lightweight design makes the TH1 extremely portable and easy to use. Videos, still photos and the various settings and menus can be easily accessed with the users thumb....
20790	Great idea, horrible implementation	The idea of embedding WiFi support in an SD card is a knockout, so why the 1 star review? In order to configure and use the card you must first validate the hardware with the eye.fi website. The problem is that the website (currently) isn't recognizing the hardware so you can't validate it. If you can't validate it then you can't configure it, if you can't configure it then you can't actually USE it. Checking their website I've found this complaint going back over a year, their solution is to send the card in for replacement. Instead, I'm returning mine and getting my money back. Here's a tip for Eye-Fi - The software needed to configure a device should be INCLUDED WITH THE DEVICE. If you want to do it through a web interface via some .php scripts, fine, but let the user do all that LOCALLY, not through your remote website WHICH DOES NOT WORK!	4GB BrandXYZ Pro wireless SDHC memory card. Get it all and streamline your workflow. Wirelessly upload JPEG, RAW and video directly to your laptop no router required. Select which items to upload in camera, and post them on any of over 25 online sites. Geotagging and hotspot access included.
20791	Fantastic Idea! Expensive Junk.	We bought this card for photographing items for an eBay store. The short version: * Would we buy one again? No. Not ever. * Would we recommend it? No. Not ever. What a really great idea. It is very handy to take a series of photographs, have them automatically and remotely copied to a PC to make sure everything will look great with the published pictures. When it works. Our first card was D.O.A. and we had to wait for a replacement. Setup is painful as the card must be registered with Eye-Fi's Website before it can be used. This takes a few tries. Once the card is communicating with the local Wi-Fi, most of the time it works. Our experience has been: either photos are uploaded to the PC right away or not at all. The pictures can still be moved manually by inserting the card in a card reader, but good luck getting the pictures through Eye-Fi. It all seems to depend on the card's mood as we could not figure out any kind of pattern. Updating the card's firmware turned out to be a huge mistake. The update process completed and said everything was okay, but the Eye-Fi Manager absolutely refuses to recognize the card at all. The PC sees it as a normal SD memory card, but not so with Eye-Fi's application software. We tried various combinations of card readers and formatting with no luck. Which brings us to Eye-Fi's customer service. Eye-Fi seems determined to win a worst-service award at any cost. It took us five emails to explain that the card stopped working AFTER updating the firmware, and we are still not sure they could understand that. In the end, they said they would just send us another card reader, then did not. As a side note, the employee dealing with Eye-Fi card issues has two graduate degrees in engineering and was an embedded systems software engineer in a previous career. In short, the Eye-Fi card is simply not worth the aggravation. Wait until somebody else introduces as similar product that actually works. Ted TimeEclectic.com	4GB BrandXYZ Pro wireless SDHC memory card. Get it all and streamline your workflow. Wirelessly upload JPEG, RAW and video directly to your laptop no router required. Select which items to upload in camera, and post them on any of over 25 online sites. Geotagging and hotspot access included.
18311	A friendly video camera with a lot of extras.	I am not an expert at video recorders- this is the first one I have used in years. I have had the Sanyo Dual Camera Xacti TH1 camera for a few weeks, however, and have really put it through the paces, so perhaps my experience will be helpful. General appearance and construction: I was pleased with the look and feel of the camera. The hinges all appear solid and well made. At first I was afraid that the screen would be loose after a while, but I no longer believe that to be a problem. The slots for the SD card and the batteries are good and solid- and the SD slot is sealed with a rubber gasket to be at least water resistant. I saw nothing to concern me about the mechanical side of things. View Screen: The screen is good and bright. I used it in a variety of lighting conditions and had no problem telling what I was shooting. That said, the camera did not have a view finder. I am kind of old fashioned, I guess, but I like a view finder. Frequently I find that I can't use a camera screen in bright light- but then again, I didn't have any problem with this screen. The screen will flip around in all directions- by the way- so self portraits of "overhead" shots are easy to accomplish. Controls: The controls are good and solid, but were not immediately intuitive. I deliberately did not read the manual in the beginning, and was able to figure everything out in a couple of hours- but it took some work. The menus make sense and I didn't have any issues figuring out what they were asking me. Manual: I did eventually read the manual and found it reasonable. It did not contain some of the detailed information I was looking for- but it did describe how to do anything I would want to do. Function: The camera works really well. The zoom is absolutely incredible. I loved the "take a photo while you are recoding video" feature. This means that if you wanted to record your kid's concert you could do so, but still occasionally snap a photo of the event that could be printed or e-mailed or whatever. I would rather have the photos than the videos- so this was a big deal. I got really good photos and videos under a variety of conditions that I considered challenging. The first one, for example, I made a video of a live concert that was outdoors conducted at night. The stage was over 50 yards from where I set. The camera did very well. Admittedly, the image stabilization could not compensate for the extreme zoom, but with some leaning against a post, the video was acceptable. The sound was good for such a small unit- and sounded much better on the television (see later) than it did on the unit's built in speaker. I then shot video from a moving car. Video inside a well lit room, video in poor light.. you name it. Everything came out good. The photos that are taken while the video is recording do not make use of the flash. This causes some problems with quality in low light- but not as much as I was expecting. I don't know what the equivalent ASA rating of this thing would be, but I'm thinking it would be pretty good. A couple of times I tried to take photos that simply did not take. I'm not sure what I did wrong. This was while I was experimenting with using the camera without reading the book. I didn't have these issues later. I thought the battery life was very good- long enough to fill my memory card. When I traveled with the unit, I didn't even take the charger, I just used the batteries. There is a neat monitor inside that tells you how long the batter y has to go in minutes of operation. Really cool. I transferred the photos taken to my computer and they look good. I played the video (and photo show) directly on my HD television and they looked very good as well. This reminds me of a minor irritation- the camera does not come with a SD card of any kind. I was expecting a small one of some kind so that I could play without making a trip to the store. The camera will hold a few photos or few seconds of video in its internal memory, but very few. With the price of SD cards so low now, this is a convenience, not cost issue. All in all, if you're looking for a small, light video camera with a built in stop motion photo capability, I would recommend this unit. You have to get over not having a view finder, but I'm thinking that for most folks, the view finder is not something they have to have. Good purchase!	Capture lifes special moments as they happen - the new BrandXYZ Dual Camera Xacti TH1 records HD video and up to 2-megapixel digital photos with 30X optical zoom. 30x optical zoom and HD video quality make this camera truly special. It has a more traditional horizontal design but this product is far from ordinary. Its compact, lightweight design makes the TH1 extremely portable and easy to use. Videos, still photos and the various settings and menus can be easily accessed with the users thumb....
18318	GREAT LITTLE CAMCORDER	I was given this camcorder as a gift because I am known for loving to take photos and videos of my kids, grandchildren and pets. I have to say that I absolutely love this little camcorder! First of all, its size and weight make it very convenient to keep in my handbag (at all times) for those special moments. I love the fact that it uses flash memory cards that I am confident will last a very long time unlike the old-fashion video tapes that are slowly disintegrating in my closet. There is no worry about the tapes getting caught up in the mechanisms with these flash cards either. This little "machine" feels solid in my hands and appears to be well built and sturdy. Oh, did I mention that it captures the moments beautifully? I highly recommend this little "machine." If you want an affordable camcorder that is easy to use, travels well, is reliable and does a great job recording, then I suggest you give it a try.	Capture lifes special moments as they happen - the new BrandXYZ Dual Camera Xacti TH1 records HD video and up to 2-megapixel digital photos with 30X optical zoom. 30x optical zoom and HD video quality make this camera truly special. It has a more traditional horizontal design but this product is far from ordinary. Its compact, lightweight design makes the TH1 extremely portable and easy to use. Videos, still photos and the various settings and menus can be easily accessed with the users thumb....
18319	Good bang for your buck!	First of all, I am not a camcorder pro. The last camera that I bought was an old Panasonic MiniDv and I was perfectly happy with it, but the transfer process became tedious and I started looking for a Flash Memory or a Hard Drive camera. Because I do have a 720p TV I decided that it might be worth it for me to go for at least a 720p camcorder. After looking around for a bit I came to the realization that I could not afford one of these because most started at 450 dollars plus. Having given up hope I bumped into this little guy. Needless to say I was excited. An HD camera at an affordable price. Just received this camera yesterday and I am impressed with it. First of all it is really well put together. It looks like a million bucks and it feels great in your hand. The quality of the movies is pretty good. The colors are good and so is the depth and the brightness. My only gripe is the fact that zooming seems to be a problem when you get to close. The camera tries to focus in on the face or object and you get a lot of blur. This is not a major problem, but enough for me to take 1 star away from my final review. Would I buy this camera again? You bet!	Capture lifes special moments as they happen - the new BrandXYZ Dual Camera Xacti TH1 records HD video and up to 2-megapixel digital photos with 30X optical zoom. 30x optical zoom and HD video quality make this camera truly special. It has a more traditional horizontal design but this product is far from ordinary. Its compact, lightweight design makes the TH1 extremely portable and easy to use. Videos, still photos and the various settings and menus can be easily accessed with the users thumb....
18320	Not the best by a long shot (with full pan!), but offers decent value	This is certainly not for those who need truly fine images. Canon and Nikon offer that, at a rather steeper price. But for those needing a basic little digital video camera to take shots of their kids to send to friends or put stuff up on youtube, it does that and more at a fair price. The hi-def is not fabulous but is somewhat better than most normal-res cameras. The still photos are really low quality, and not worth buying this for if that's a bonus that matters to you. But I do think that this is a fine choice for grandparents looking to shoot their grandkids, and that sort of home-movie usage. Easy to use right out of the box, easy to connect to your computer and download online, decent battery life, and pretty cheap. Seems somewhat solid and might even last a few years (by which time this level of performance will cost a hundred bucks or so; this would have been massive value five years ago). In short, if you have basic video needs and a small budget, this might be perfect for you. Anyone who remembers the massive VHS cameras and their huge tapes and batteries and weight will realize that this much power in the palm of your hand, weighing almost nothing, at this price, is in fact almost miraculous. Pretty soon your cell phone will do it all for fifty bucks, but until then buying something simple for cheap might be the better call when tech is evolving this quickly.	Capture lifes special moments as they happen - the new BrandXYZ Dual Camera Xacti TH1 records HD video and up to 2-megapixel digital photos with 30X optical zoom. 30x optical zoom and HD video quality make this camera truly special. It has a more traditional horizontal design but this product is far from ordinary. Its compact, lightweight design makes the TH1 extremely portable and easy to use. Videos, still photos and the various settings and menus can be easily accessed with the users thumb....
18323	Decent for the price.	I just got this camera from Amazon yesterday. I was looking for a camcorder that had a couple of features in particular: HD (at least 720p), HDMI output, some sort of decent optical zoom, some sort of memory card capability, and a reasonable price. The Sanyo VCP-TH1 fit the mold. It was also VERY important to me to get a camera that recorded files compatible with my MacBook and iMovie 08. I just did some random shooting with the camera and tried importing the files for the first time, and it seemed to work really well. I was sort of expecting it to take a long time to import, but, to my pleasant surprise, it didn't! Although I haven't had much time to tinker with it yet, I feel that the pros are far outweighing the cons. The price is very reasonable and it was worth the extra $100+ to go with this camera opposed to the smaller handheld HD camcorders that FLIP or Kodak make for about $150-$200. I wish the camcorder came with a mini HDMI to HDMI cable. I also wish it came with another battery. You'll have to purchase those separately if you desire to have a spare battery and a true easy and instant way to view your HD footage on your new HDTV too. 2 weeks later.... I just got a mini HDMI cable to hook to my 720p Plasma TV. The recording looks a little grainy for some reason. It seems that I got a better recording quality when recording outdoors on a sunny day and inside in natural lighting. I think I would downgrade my initial rating down to a 4 due to this.	Capture lifes special moments as they happen - the new BrandXYZ Dual Camera Xacti TH1 records HD video and up to 2-megapixel digital photos with 30X optical zoom. 30x optical zoom and HD video quality make this camera truly special. It has a more traditional horizontal design but this product is far from ordinary. Its compact, lightweight design makes the TH1 extremely portable and easy to use. Videos, still photos and the various settings and menus can be easily accessed with the users thumb....
18330	not great	I was not very impressed by the image quality of the Video as well as the Still images. I have shopped around and own several other digital camcorders, and I think this is a not a very good buy at its current price. If you are looking for something versatile to use in the water and rain this camera has a waterproof version which is an excellent buy in its class and price range. For this price range I have looked at several other option which are much better for my practical needs.	Capture lifes special moments as they happen - the new BrandXYZ Dual Camera Xacti TH1 records HD video and up to 2-megapixel digital photos with 30X optical zoom. 30x optical zoom and HD video quality make this camera truly special. It has a more traditional horizontal design but this product is far from ordinary. Its compact, lightweight design makes the TH1 extremely portable and easy to use. Videos, still photos and the various settings and menus can be easily accessed with the users thumb....
18376	DacMagic + Squeezebox = Victory!	I recently purchased a to stream my music collection to my HIFI and have been pretty happy with it. The sound quality from the Squeezebox's DAC did however not impress me, compared to my old rather cheepish Denon CD player, it was dull, lacked attack and was generally uninspiring. So when I discovered that Cambridge Audio had made this little (and cheap) gem I immediately bought it. So how good is it ? - In my opinion its the cheapest thing I have ever bought that made so clear a difference; the music is now warm, organic, detailed and full of attack. It is sturdy build and has a very cool and professional look. The device itself has a ton of nice features (such as being able to remember different settings based on input channels) yet is still very easy to use. It comes with three different high quality filters: "linear", "minimum" and "steep" which can alter the audio experience to your personal taste. Of these I have found the "minimum" filter to provide the best audiophile experience. To sum up, if you have a Squeezebox or a similar device, but feel that its analog output is somewhat lacking, then get this brilliant little device.	Enjoy digital music like never before... Adapted Time Filtering (ATF) asynchronous upsampling technology might sound complicated but the benefits are instantly audible. Essentially it converts 16-24 bit audio to 24 bit/192kHz so you hear so much more from compressed material. Meanwhile a 32 bit Digital Signal Processor (DSP) eradicates jitter which is especially effective with hard disk playback from PCs or Macintosh computers. Whether your digital music collection is stored on a PC or you use a...
19049	Don't upgrade to this camera	I was upgrading from a Canon SD550 to this camera. After a quick vacation, I am returning this camera. I am an amateur(at best) photographer. I was able to take some pretty decent pictures, but the majority of the pictures had an issue. Wide Angle - Very nice feature. I'll be getting the SD880 to replace this camera. Red Eye Correction - My wife has blue eyes and always got red eye with our old camera. This is a great feature. Widescreen - Neat at first, until I realized that it was just cropping the max resolution. You could recreate the widescreen effect on the computer by taking pictures at the max resolution and chopping off the bottom 25% of the picture. HD Video - It seemed like it would be great, but I wasn't really impressed. The video on the SD550 was about as good. This seems like a case of the Emperor's new clothes. Knowing that the new camera was supposed to HD, I felt like I needed to say it was much better quality than my old, but I couldn't notice much of a difference. I watched on my new laptop and it played smoothly, but when I tried to watch on my netbook, the video wouldn't play. Shake to change picture - This is a worthless feature. Doesn't work reliably and works when you don't want it to, like when you hand the camera over the camera to show a picture. The scroll wheel was nice in that when you scrolled quickly, the image size reduced and rolled through the pictures very quickly. Auto white balance on face - I would rather not have this feature. It made the skin tones appear all wrong. This is one of the major reasons I am returning. There were many pictures when the camera seemed to get confused and the faces tones were made to be a similar color to the background. For instance, standing in front of a plant made the face look green. Outdoor photos seemed to make the faces bluish. This all occurred with the faces being recognized by the autofocus. Facial Recognition - It was easy to trick the facial recognition. Glasses and hats would easily confuse this feature. Auto ISO setting - It seemed like the camera consistently used a lower ISO setting than was probably necessary. This is likely to introduce a little extra noise in the images. Many blurry pictures - This happened in full day light, low day light, indoor lighting, and with the flash. Most of my SD550's pictures came out less blurry than this camera. Night Scene mode - This is one of the most commonly used Scene modes for us. We used to be able to take photos with us in the foreground and lighted signs in the background and the signs would show up clearly. With the 960, the signs ended up looking like a large blob of light. Flash Settings - It would be nice to force the flash on in the Auto mode. To do this, I had to go to the P scene mode and then I had the option to turn on the flash. I hope that I just had a bad product because I have been a fan of the Powershots for many years and always recommend them. I would rather not have to find a new manufacturer.	Immediate gratification is the pulse of today, and the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH with its streamlined appeal wastes no time at reminding you. "Here's a camera unlike any other." But it's the excitement of ongoing discovery - the way this camera captures the vibrant spontaneity of the world before you - that defines the lasting rewards of the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH, and the new level of pictures and HD movies that await you.
18377	DACMagic and Squeezebox offer outstanding performance	I have suspected that music servers would most likely become the future of high-end music reproduction. The advantages seemed obvious. But it wasn't yet clear to me what platform, configuration or companies might provide that solution. My epiphany came when I found a 2006 article by John Atkinson on Stereophile's website. He reviewed a Squeezebox Classic, comparing its output with an Ayre C-5xe ($5,995 universal player). Both were connected to a Mark Levinson No.30.6 Reference D/A processor ($16,950). "Comparing the original CD on the Ayre C-5xe disc player, its digital output driving the Levinson DAC via a 1m DH Labs AES/EBU link, with SlimServer feeding an Apple Lossless-encoded file to the Squeezebox with its digital output feeding the Levinson via the AudioQuest OptiLink-5, I was hard-pressed to hear much of a difference." He couldn't hear a difference! Well, if this Stereophile reviewer admitted that he couldn't hear a difference between a $6,000 CD player and a $249 Squeezebox using a high-end DAC, I figured that I had found my solution. I just needed something more `affordable" than the $17,000 Mark Levinson DAC. I began searching reviews of various DACs at all prices. I liked what people said about Music Fidelity's V-DAC, but I wanted to use XLR connections. DACMagic had them. The V-DAC did not. The professional reviews had all been good for the DACMagic, but I was most influenced by Lars Tackmann's comments here on Amazon. So I decided to give it a trial in combo with a Squeezebox Duet. I connected the Duet using RCA interconnects and the DACMagic using XLRs to my Krell integrated amp. My speakers are MartinLogan electrostatics. I had expected a volume difference between these interconnects but it was far too great to compensate; it measured close to 15 db. I reconfigured everything using just RCA interconnects. Afterward, the comparison still sounded like I had a large imbalance. To my ears, the DACMagic sounded at least 6 db louder, or so I thought. I ran a 1-khz test tone through both outputs and measured the volume with an SPL meter. I was shocked. There was only 1 db difference. When I realized there was no significant difference, I listened again and decided what I was hearing were actually improved micro-dynamics within of the music. The DACMagic made the system sound more like live music. I listened to a vocal performance by Josh Groben accompanied with an acoustic guitar, about as simple and clear as it gets. The most obvious difference the DACMagic made was in the detail, decay and reverberation of the performers. There was much less of this from the Duet alone. The sound was a bit more like I had thrown a blanket over the speakers. I've now listened for dozens of hours rediscovering my library. And yet, I continue to be impressed by the sound quality; a precision I never remember hearing from CDs or even SACDs on my Sony or Denon players of the past. The combination offer outstanding performance and value for the price.	Enjoy digital music like never before... Adapted Time Filtering (ATF) asynchronous upsampling technology might sound complicated but the benefits are instantly audible. Essentially it converts 16-24 bit audio to 24 bit/192kHz so you hear so much more from compressed material. Meanwhile a 32 bit Digital Signal Processor (DSP) eradicates jitter which is especially effective with hard disk playback from PCs or Macintosh computers. Whether your digital music collection is stored on a PC or you use a...
18379	Nice camera . . .	This Pentax performs very well and is small enuf to fit in your pocket. However, in bright sunlight, it is almost imposible to see an image in the screen--would prefer a view finder window for these times.	The Optio E70's shutter release button on the top panel and other control buttons on the back panel have been designed to be larger than those of conventional models to facilitate camera operation. Coupled with the use of larger icons in the LCD monitor, the Optio E70 not only makes it quick and effortless to set desired modes and functions, but also assures at-a-glance confirmation of operational status.The Optio E70 features the advanced auto picture mode, which automatically selects the most ...
18381	Good TV	Bought this tv a few months ago its a good tv, picture is good the other review the person left, is inaccuate, yes there is a sansui TV similar to this one that does have the DVD player on it however he must of bought the wrong one and is blaming it on someone else when it is his fault. Great TV Great Deal. I would recomend this to a friend	32" 720p High Definition Digital TV, Integrated Digital Tuner (ATSC, Clear QAM), Built in side mounted DVD player, Receives Over-the-Air DTV Broadcast Signals, 31.5? (16:9) Wide TFT LCD(1366 x 768), 1200:1 Contrast ratio, 8ms Response time, 3D Comb Filte
18382	Not As Advertised	The Product Description for this TV says it has a "Built in side mounted DVD player." It DOES NOT. There is NO DVD player included.	32" 720p High Definition Digital TV, Integrated Digital Tuner (ATSC, Clear QAM), Built in side mounted DVD player, Receives Over-the-Air DTV Broadcast Signals, 31.5? (16:9) Wide TFT LCD(1366 x 768), 1200:1 Contrast ratio, 8ms Response time, 3D Comb Filte
18400	Functional but complicated; good price	I've only had this product for a week, so I can't address reliability--only design and function. Overall, this is a good unit that does what it needs to do at a reasonable price. It does take some time to learn how to use this unit, and some things are not intuitive, so be sure to sit down and actually read the manual as you do things. This unit has a DVD recorder and a VCR--which is handy for transferring old videos to DVD. However, if you have commercial VHS tapes, it will not let you dub those to DVD (due to copyright restrictions--if you try, it says this program is not allowed to be recorded.) The process for dubbing from VHS to DVD is pretty straightforward--set up the parameters and press a button and let it go until you tell it to stop or it senses that you have come to the end of the recording on the tape. The editing process is a little more challenging. If you want to input title names, you have to use the remote like you are text messaging (eg press 1 three times to get the letter C). Also, the manual does not tell you this, but if you are not using RW discs, any chapter marks that you add will not be read by any other machines. (When you press skip during playback, you advance to the next chapter mark.) You can add manual chapter marks that are read by this machine, but when another DVD player is reading the finalized disc, it only recognizes the chapters that were auto-generated. On RW discs, manual chapter marks do show up. You can set the frequency of the auto-chapters--I used 5 minutes. I tested this machine with +R, -R, +RW, and -RW and it worked as advertised with all of them. Both the +R and -R worked with my two other DVD players. The RW discs were not recognized by my older (2002) Sony DVD/VCR combo. The difference between +RW and -RW is that you don't have to go through the finalization process on the +RW discs, though there is a process called "Make Edits Compatible" that you need instead. I used Sony and TDK discs and they worked fine. I did not try Memorex discs because I have had problems with those in the past. Supposedly, the -R/-RW standard is more compatible than the plus versions. I found the distinction in compatibility to be more about whether it was R (single burn) or RW (rewritable). It also has a digital tuner (standard definition) that works as well or better than the Zenith digital converter box I was using before in terms of pulling in channels and keeping a good picture. It also can tune analog channels, though there are none near me anymore. It does have an onscreen program guide that tells you the channel, signal strength, name of the program, and a program description. It does not tell you the length of the program or any programs that will be on afterwards. It does have the ability to record TV onto DVD (and VHS--some other units don't let you do this) and you can program the timer to record your show. In general, the buttons on the remote are small and not well thought out. I was also disappointed that the remote lacks a button for changing aspect ratio; doesn't control the TV; and lacks some other basic buttons related to TV watching. Don't lose the remote either--it is integral to using 90% of the functions. It does have a few interesting bells and whistles: There is a commercial skip button to use during DVD playback that automatically jumps 30 seconds ahead. There is also a feature where you can tell the VCR to go forward a certain number of minutes. Also, this unit tends to "think" slowly--whether loading discs, changing channels, etc., you have to wait for it. It ultimately does get the job done and the wait is just a little longer than what you might expect. It's not a deal breaker, just a minor quirk. Overall, this unit compares favorably to others out there, even ones that are more expensive. I compared this with a Panasonic unit that cost about $300 and found that this had more functionality because the Panasonic unit was geared to use DVD-RAM discs. On that one, you could use R or RW but with limited editing ability. If you are looking at any DVD recorder, go online, find the manual, and read closely through it (this one's at [...]Carefully compare functions, paying special attention to what functions are available with each specific type of discs. In general it is more complicated to record to DVD than VHS, so any DVD recorder is going to be complicated. This one doesn't do much to simplify that, but it does offer most of the functions that a combo unit like this should have at a reasonable price.	Dual Deck recorder with ATSC digital tuner. Record home movies on to DVD from Tape. HDMI up conversion out put for HD type picture quality on DVD
18401	Magnavox ZV457MG9: A decent package	I bought this because it can tune HD off the air, play VHS tapes, will output both without any issues,* and will record DVD. I already have an old ILO DVD recorder with internal HD, but it does not tune digital channels and the DVD burner had quit on it some time ago. So at this point all it's good for is recording to the Hard Drive from another source. I also needed a replacement for my old Sony VCR for the few remaining VHS tapes I still have. The Magnavox ZV457MG9 fits the bill for exactly what I need. The HD tuner is above average in quality of picture resolution on my Sony HDTV, with image quality on par with the TV's internal digital tuner and slightly better at resolving weak signals. Down sampling to NTSC to record shows on my ILO is very clean, with the only real loss in the compression I use to save HD space. DVD playback is good quality, up sampling well through component or HDMI output. The only major downside I have found is when you put a DVD of any type (including blank disks) into the player it can take up to 30 seconds before the disk is recognized. Layer transition is usually very smooth, with very few artifacts or frame skips. Damaged DVDs still play rather well, so long as the damage is not severe. It even played a DVD that had been heat damaged that play in very few players with only a few artifacts. For burning DVDs, I have only done a few, but in all cases the drive works as advertised. Recording to DVD is as easy as recording to an old VHS tape... just insert a blank disk, press the [RECORD] button, and you're recording about 3 seconds later. The DVD menu creation is a bit simplistic, but gets the job done. If you want high-quality DVD menus, this won't cut it, but if that's what you need you should be authoring on a PC, not a console. The display for time remaining on the blank part of the disk is about as accurate as you can expect and it errors on the conservative side, ensuring you probably have a little more time of recording on the disk than it says. You have a choice of 6 recording qualities; HQ (61 min), SP (120 min), SPP (151 min), LP (180 min), EP (244 min), and SLP (365 min) for DVD+R disks. I did find that the recorder does not record to dual-layer disks. (completely incompatible, will not record at all) * VHS playback I was sorry to see does not route to the HDMI output or even the component output. It has a separate composite output that is the only output source for the VCR. Only the DVD player and digital tuner output to the high-resolution outputs, so to watch a VHS tape you have to have a separate set of cables running to your TV. (luckily mine has 6 inputs, but it's a pain to have to switch to watch a tape) I have yet to dub a tape to DVD, but the instructions seem very straightforward. Considering the combination of good quality VCR, Digital tuner, and DVD recorder, it's a decent package.	Dual Deck recorder with ATSC digital tuner. Record home movies on to DVD from Tape. HDMI up conversion out put for HD type picture quality on DVD
18428	POI and routing problems but otherwise?	The overall menu (GUI) is pretty good from my point of view. The menu buttons are for the most part self explanatory and with the HELP button (a very nice touch) it's not hard to find your way around this thing. The map display is pretty good and gives several options on how it's displayed. Another nice touch is the emergency feature of just touching the "Vehicle symbol" and getting local emergency info/directions on Police, Hospitals and the like. Options on the whole are pretty complete; enough that I'm not going to talk about most of them because I'm sure I'll ramble too much anyway. I will say though I haven't had a chance to see the real view junction thing, with only 3000 I didn't expect too much with that small of a %. The different ways to search for something by alphabetical, distance and maybe City/State (sorry I can't remember for some reason how that worked) are ok and it even tells you what direction per a little arrow it is from you. It doesn't support searching along the route just what's near your current position. You really can't fault that, as far as I know there's only one that does it on PC. The restaurant search luckily has an ALL button to help with finding the ones you just don't know how to classify. Burger King would be listed under fast food but Angela's can be a little difficult to figure out when you're out of town and meeting friends there. This does bring me to one of my first disappointments about this soft. All the buttons are very finger friendly except when you get to the search area (I think this is just for the Alpha search), for some reason they left the on screen keyboard at full size and give you this tiny little window and even smaller arrow keys. I think the display window for searches will only show about 2 lines of 15~20 characters (think of an old calculator with a two line display). Something it does nicely during this search and other input modes, is the auto complete feature. Kinda sorta similar to phones but this one will also show you names and places with the letters in them. If you type "urg" and nothing in its database starts with that it switches to Burger King with urg highlighted. By far the biggest cons for this soft would be' the card setup; POI handling; menu options that just don't work in a way that makes sense; and the routing has some issues too. I have an iPaq 211 used for work/play and thought this soft would be a nice addition sense I carry it around all the time anyway. With the program locked to the card I can't use any of the other much/bigger better ones I have already. On top of that sense the 211 has both an SD and CF card slot, I can't start this without pulling out both cards and just having the proprietary one in by itself. Apparently even though the program wont work without the original card in, it still looks to the CF card first and if its not the right one it shuts down with no errors (it took 2 days and several back and forth e-mails from i-nav to figure that out). The POI handling should have been done with some kind of update/add option. I haven't had any problems with missing or wrong streets but the POI databases is lacking badly. One instance was a recent trip to a large chain store that had been there for at least 3 years but was not listed. On the other hand a very, very out of the way local store was. The routing seems ok most of the time but it has sent me way of track. I've never had a problem eventually getting to were I need to go. On a resent trip (600+ miles) it took me on a 300 mile detour (the whole detour was 300 start to finish, I can't say how much it added to total trip mileage). I read somewhere it has historical data on traffic that can and will effect your routing. In my case it shunted me up to another interstate by way of back roads/old highways instead of going thro a major city. On the way back it let me go thro but that was a Sunday early morning. If this is the case and it was trying to save me then great, but either way it took 2 more hours going then coming back because of it. The destination handling is problematic under certain circumstances. This coupled with itinerary or stop over options can leave a bad taste. On one instance while trying it out I had it "stop over" at a local supermarket. When I arrived in the parking lot it had the destination target somewhere in the store, without physically reaching that I couldn't proceed to my next stop without starting the trip again. Another trip had the target on the large property but no where near the entrance so again I either had to drive around the back or just start the trip over (there maybe away around this but didn't look to hard for it). This brings up another menu problem. While on a trip its way to easy to cancel your whole route by accident if you don't complete the adjustments the way it wants. What I mean by that is if you try and use the stop over option to find a restaurant or gas and don't see one you want; exiting that search can exit the trip altogether. The fog alert is mostly useless. The idea is to warn you of any 4 way intersection that may have cross traffic. The problem is it sounds when you get to the intersection not before. On a highway doing 60 it would sound after it was too late to do anything about it anyway. The Route Demo is an unbelievable joke. It will show you in real time the whole trip with turns and voice props. To explain that further; if your planning a trip that will take 9 hours the Demo will take 9 hours too. It's completely worthless unless you're into watching paint dry then It may be worth something (if I'm wrong about this and someone can point out how to do it right let me know). I think the longest I let it go was 30 seconds. All in all I'm still giving 3 stars for the many features that do work well and it has never gotten me lost. Plus with the possibility of update/fixes and some third party POI tools, there's hope for even the things wrong with it.	BrandXYZ 2009 includes the highly accurate 2008 digital map from Navteq Corporation, and most importantly, adds several useful features such as traffic pattern, pedestrian walk routing options, as well as 3D realistic junction/exchange view as an eye candy. BrandXYZ's built-in safety options also expanded from the original speed & fog alert to incorporate school zone and fatigue alerts with this release. Features:. # New! Program & map preloaded & shipped on 4GB microSD card (miniSD & SD adapter...
18429	Gets me there all of the time!	I have been using IGuidance since version 2.0. This software has been getting better and better. I combines a lot of the features that others have. In this revision they included Maps for Puerto Rico, USVI, Alaska and HI. I used to like the feature in past versions where you could create a mile radious for the are you where going to be at so that the maps were smaller and faster...but I guess sometimes something has to give. The fact that you now have all the maps stored in the card saves time. Which, by the way, forced me to give the product 4 stars instead of 5. Locking the software to THEIR card handicaps some of us... The card sizes are 4 and 8Gb but the bad part is that their cards are rated at class 4 and not 6... I use my PDA phone for Iguidance and I have a lot of data in it including my MP3 files and 8gb is cutting it short. I would rather have the option to have the software stored in a 16Gb class 6 card even if it comes at a cost. I called INav and asked if I could provide my own card and they said that they could not accommodate that request. In any event, Iguidance is still my preferred navigation program for the Pocket PC. Two cool things I like are; Turn by Turn navigation with side of the road indication of the destination and school zone warnings. The only thing that still remains in my wish list is the ability to edit FAVORITES in my Laptop/Desktop PC since the PDA phone keyboards are too small. I would highly recommend this product.	BrandXYZ 2009 includes the highly accurate 2008 digital map from Navteq Corporation, and most importantly, adds several useful features such as traffic pattern, pedestrian walk routing options, as well as 3D realistic junction/exchange view as an eye candy. BrandXYZ's built-in safety options also expanded from the original speed & fog alert to incorporate school zone and fatigue alerts with this release. Features:. # New! Program & map preloaded & shipped on 4GB microSD card (miniSD & SD adapter...
18430	Great for small spaces	I picked this up for my mother. She doesn't have a lot of space, but she needed something a little bigger then her old 15" LCD. The best thing about this LCD is that it is simple and easy to use. The buttons on the remote are well laid out and are logical. If you are just looking for a simple LCD, then this is it. If you care about audio quality, you need to hook it up to a separate receiver. So simplicity is the key work here.	19-Inch High Definition LCD TV and PC Monitor. HDMI inputs for great picture quality and true 16:9 aspect ratio, make this unit a plus.
18431	Donna the TV lady	I am enjoying my new Magnavox TV!!!!!! Very good quality and it's a space saver. I would recommend to everyone to check out Amazon's good prices and fast delivery. Thumbs up!!!	19-Inch High Definition LCD TV and PC Monitor. HDMI inputs for great picture quality and true 16:9 aspect ratio, make this unit a plus.
18432	flat screen max o vox	Great everything and a good buy for a LCD use in every day at supper time.	19-Inch High Definition LCD TV and PC Monitor. HDMI inputs for great picture quality and true 16:9 aspect ratio, make this unit a plus.
18433	Thanks Amazon for the Speedy Delivery	I bought this TV for my son for Christmas. I didn't want to spend the money for a TV and I kept putting off purchasing one. I saw this on Amazon for such a good price, I snapped it up, but it was so close to Christmas, I didn't think I would receive it in time. I did. Thank you, Amazon. The picture quality is awesome and sound is excellent. It looks great and has easy set up. The only thing I would change, the picture doesn't cover the entire screen. The is a 1 1/2" black border on either side. This is the first LCD TV I've purchased, so I don't know if this is standard. Still, I deserves it 5 stars.	19-Inch High Definition LCD TV and PC Monitor. HDMI inputs for great picture quality and true 16:9 aspect ratio, make this unit a plus.
18455	A good alternative to Bose QC-2	I bought the Koss QZ900 headphones, after a lot of research, as a lower cost alternative to the Bose QC-2 headphones. I've had a chance to compare them to both the QC-2 and QC-3. No question, the Bose QC-2 (over the ear) headphones have the edge. However, I did not care for the QC-3 (on the ear) headphones. On a recent trip across the Atlantic, the airline I was on distributed the Bose QC-3 headphones for use during the flight. I tried the Bose QC-3s, put them up, and used my Koss QZ900 headphones instead. The Koss headphones sound nearly as good, and have nearly as good noise cancellation as the Bose QC-2. They are light, compact, use a AA battery, and have a volume control on the removable cord. The one negative about the product is that the carrying case is larger (thicker) than it has to be. If money is no object, go with the Bose QC-2s. If you can't justify the $270 for heaphones, the Koss QZ900s are a good choice.	The QZ900, latest addition to the BrandXYZ Quiet Zone line - adds a new level of performance and comfort. Designed to monitor outside noise received through specially mounted microphones in each ear cup. BrandXYZ QZ900 circuit introduces a sound wave which is 180? out of phase with the incoming signal. The result is "zero earth" at the point of the eardrum and dramatic reduction of most low frequency distractions, resulting in deep rich lows and sparkling highs, noise canceling ability so good y...
18456	Koss exceeds expectations once again....	Koss has once again exceeded expectations with this new release. This is the best headphones I have ever owned...Boise included. I can not reccomend this more highly to everyone. David	The QZ900, latest addition to the BrandXYZ Quiet Zone line - adds a new level of performance and comfort. Designed to monitor outside noise received through specially mounted microphones in each ear cup. BrandXYZ QZ900 circuit introduces a sound wave which is 180? out of phase with the incoming signal. The result is "zero earth" at the point of the eardrum and dramatic reduction of most low frequency distractions, resulting in deep rich lows and sparkling highs, noise canceling ability so good y...
18819	Basic amp	I bought this amp to use as a bridged-mono driver for a center channel speaker. It is working OK for this application, and reasonably clean. But in my opinion this is not a true hifi amp. I have two problems with it. It has relatively low sensitivity compared to my other amps, and even with the gain controls set to max, does not put out as much voltage as I need (this is not a problem due to speaker sensitivity, but rather amp gain). So I need to attenuate my other amps if I want a perfect balance. The other problem is minor but annoying; there is a ground loop that the "ground lift" switch doesn't correct. The hum is faint but quite audible when you are close to the speaker. My other amps don't have this problem. Otherwise the signal is clean and the unit works fine. I have it set to "Auto On" mode, triggered by a signal at its inputs. A previous reviewer mentioned two problems that I have not experienced. The first is a turn-on transient. That doesn't happen in my setup using the auto-on mode, but it is very noticeable if you use the front panel switch to turn on the amp. He also said the amp runs hot, but mine does not. I too removed the cover of the amp and was unimpressed by the contents. A low-profile toroidal transformer is used, but not the kind you see in premium amps. Just a flat little guy designed to fit in a tight package. There are few premium components: electrolytic caps and integrated circuits not usually found in better devices, and the output transistors are cheap, flat TO220 packages, not robust TO3 types. This is better used as an amp for computer output or MP3 players, not for high end audio application. I will probably replace it with a used NAD amp and keep this for the garage.	The Zamp v.3 - fully discrete 45W x 2 Amplifier continues BrandXYZ's proven amplifier design to give you stellar reliability, amazing sound quality, and plenty of power, all in a small package. Whether you use it as a zone amplifier or the centerpiece of a mini-component system, this full featured amplifier will exceed your expectations.
18820	Simple, Versatile, Great Sounding Amplifier	I use this amplifier in a desktop setup with my computer and an external DAC as the source, and it does its job very nicely. Although this product sounds far better than its price tag would suggest, other aspects of it (that are not related to sound quality) are indicative of an amplifier that costs much less. The power button is quite cheap and sometimes it does not turn on the amplifier when pressed. The gain knobs on the back of the unit are also poorly designed and hard to adjust accurately. I have chosen to give this amp four stars instead of five for these reasons. Nonetheless, these minor quality issues do nothing to detract from the sound quality, which is superb given this amplifier's size and price. If Parasound has to skimp on the quality of their knobs and buttons to deliver audiophile quality sound at this price point, so be it. One should also note that Parasound's website, manuals, and customer support are all very informative and helpful.	The Zamp v.3 - fully discrete 45W x 2 Amplifier continues BrandXYZ's proven amplifier design to give you stellar reliability, amazing sound quality, and plenty of power, all in a small package. Whether you use it as a zone amplifier or the centerpiece of a mini-component system, this full featured amplifier will exceed your expectations.
18821	Spectacularly Overpriced	I bought this amplifier to power tweeters in a bi-amp system. I was shocked, given the price, when it turned out that the Zamp v.3 doesn't have a turn-on surge relay. Which means, I can't use it for my tweeters; the turn-on surge would really pound the hell out of the tiny high frequency speakers. Considering that almost all amplifiers have turn-on surge protection nowadays, even low-fi gear, it was stunning to me that this so-called premium product did not. Additionally, the power switch doesn't always work. I took the cover off the amp and examined the switch....it's a cheap little thing that was bound to be unreliable. Thirdly, this amplifier gets hot, even at idle. I found out, after buying it, that Parasound recommends their optional cooling unit, the Z -Breeze.....which they'll sell you for two hundred bucks. Thanks! So why is this amp $300.00? Is it made in the USA.....no. Is it especially well made......no. Does it have turn-on surge suppression to protect your speakers.......no. Is it cute.........yes. So, if you want an Asian-made amplifier that sends out a speaker-busting thump evey time you turn it on....and has quality control problems (the switch) and is tiny and cute.....the Parasound Zamp v.3 is the amp for you. If not, check out the AudioSource AMP-100. 50 watts per channel. Well made, more features than the Parasound and sells for 95 dollars at Amazon. Free shipping.	The Zamp v.3 - fully discrete 45W x 2 Amplifier continues BrandXYZ's proven amplifier design to give you stellar reliability, amazing sound quality, and plenty of power, all in a small package. Whether you use it as a zone amplifier or the centerpiece of a mini-component system, this full featured amplifier will exceed your expectations.
18824	No brackets	I just bought these Pyle speakers, but they come with no brackets. ?How can I do to fix them to the wall? I found no information about how to find these brackets. To me this is a major problem!!	The PDWR68W is ideal for indoor or outdoor applications, on land or on the water. The high impact ABS plastic cabinet houses three three-inch woofers that can handle as much as 500 watts. The drivers are placed in a wide angle for a wide sound field that works well in outdoor areas.
18830	Too Unreliable for RAW	These Kingston cards are simply too unreliable when shooting RAW to recommend use. Which is unfortunate as the card is a tremendous value, from a good brand name. I've had my card replaced once already due to it's repeated failures. The Kingston Customer service people were very helpful, too bad the replacement card is just as buggy as the original. Look to: http://www.amazon.com/Kingston-CompactFlash-Memory-CF-16GB-S2/product-reviews/ for other reviews of this card. The card seems to work just fine in JPEG mode, but fails on say 1 in 50 RAW images. I use dual record (JPEG and RAW simultaneously) and have yet to have a JPEG fail, but frequently the RAW version of the image is corrupt. This has occurred on multiple camera bodies (D300 and D700) for me, and from the other reviews, for multiple people.	Imaging pros expect a lot from their equipment and can?t afford to have a component limit their productivity or creativity. The newly redesigned BrandXYZ CompactFlash Elite Pro offers a minimum sustained write speed of 133X. The Elite Pro is designed specifically to help advanced amateur or professional photographers get the best performance from their high-end imaging devices and applications. No matter how fast you work, CF Elite Pro can keep pace. With its ultra-fast transfer rates of 25MB/se...
18831	Works great on 5D MII	Have this card for more than one month, it has been working great in my 5D MKII. Filled it once with RAW and H.264 videos. It is great to have 32GB on a vacation, it fills up pretty quick though. No problem so far.	Imaging pros expect a lot from their equipment and can?t afford to have a component limit their productivity or creativity. The newly redesigned BrandXYZ CompactFlash Elite Pro offers a minimum sustained write speed of 133X. The Elite Pro is designed specifically to help advanced amateur or professional photographers get the best performance from their high-end imaging devices and applications. No matter how fast you work, CF Elite Pro can keep pace. With its ultra-fast transfer rates of 25MB/se...
18834	Fast and Flawless operation with D300 - Plan to use CF cards for Archival Storage	I have been using the Kingston 32GB elite pro Compact Flash card in my Nikon D300 DSLR since 3/8/2009. In the 2.5 months since, I have shot 4,000 images, using 22 GB of memory. Operation has been flawless; file transfer has fast and reliable. It is reasonably priced and I have been very pleased. Due to the relatively low cost ($2.25 per GB), I plan to use the Kingston 32GB Compact Flash cards for archival storage. Who cares if my hard drive crashes, I'll still have my images on the CF card? I'm buying another card today because my first one is nearing capacity. I have shot a number of RAW images, with no problems. Your experience may vary, depending on your equipment.	Imaging pros expect a lot from their equipment and can?t afford to have a component limit their productivity or creativity. The newly redesigned BrandXYZ CompactFlash Elite Pro offers a minimum sustained write speed of 133X. The Elite Pro is designed specifically to help advanced amateur or professional photographers get the best performance from their high-end imaging devices and applications. No matter how fast you work, CF Elite Pro can keep pace. With its ultra-fast transfer rates of 25MB/se...
18837	Works well with my Canon 7D DSLR	I purchased this card for my Canon 7D DSLR and it's video mode (1080p). Since the camera consumes about 4GB per 12 minute clip, this card is good for around 48 minutes of 1080p 30/24 or 720p 60 video. The card appears fast enough to keep up with the high bitrate capture of the 7D's video mode. Be warned, however, it is not fast enough for continuous (high-speed) JPEG and/or JPEG-RAW capture. The 7D can be a speed demon at up to 8fps at full resolution. I also have Sandisk Extreme III cards (30MB/s) and they are noticeably faster. I can fill the buffer with the Kingston card, but not the Sandisk. That said, this card is about 1/2 the price of the Sandisk Extreme, and since I mainly wanted the card for HD Video capture, it performs up to my expectations. I've also had a 16GB version of this card for over a year and used it with my Canon 50D with no issues. I have NOT experienced any data corruption issues with this 32GB card or the 16GB card I've had for over a year. I would not hesitate in buying another one and plan on it very soon.	Imaging pros expect a lot from their equipment and can?t afford to have a component limit their productivity or creativity. The newly redesigned BrandXYZ CompactFlash Elite Pro offers a minimum sustained write speed of 133X. The Elite Pro is designed specifically to help advanced amateur or professional photographers get the best performance from their high-end imaging devices and applications. No matter how fast you work, CF Elite Pro can keep pace. With its ultra-fast transfer rates of 25MB/se...
18839	Fast enough for my needs	I'm not using this in a camera, rather it's used in a Sound Devices 788 T audio recorder. Sound Devices recommends "the use of UDMA x300 CF cards for 8+ track recording." This Kingston 32GB CF is not a UDMA card and it's rated for only 133x. Recording 8 channels of 24/96 kHz works out to 2.2 MB/s. Running the 788T's speed test on this Kinston CF resulted in a rate of 4.9 MB/s; fast enough in theory. I recorded about 3.5 hours of 8 channel 24/96 without a hitch, so it seems fast enough in practice also.	Imaging pros expect a lot from their equipment and can?t afford to have a component limit their productivity or creativity. The newly redesigned BrandXYZ CompactFlash Elite Pro offers a minimum sustained write speed of 133X. The Elite Pro is designed specifically to help advanced amateur or professional photographers get the best performance from their high-end imaging devices and applications. No matter how fast you work, CF Elite Pro can keep pace. With its ultra-fast transfer rates of 25MB/se...
18840	Great Product!	The Kingston Technology 32GB Pro Compact Flash Card is great all of the other sites were more expensive and this is a great deal to buy I have not had any problems with it and it works great so if you want a good deal this is where to get it.	Imaging pros expect a lot from their equipment and can?t afford to have a component limit their productivity or creativity. The newly redesigned BrandXYZ CompactFlash Elite Pro offers a minimum sustained write speed of 133X. The Elite Pro is designed specifically to help advanced amateur or professional photographers get the best performance from their high-end imaging devices and applications. No matter how fast you work, CF Elite Pro can keep pace. With its ultra-fast transfer rates of 25MB/se...
18844	WORKS WELL WITH MY CANON 7D	If you want to save money dont buy the faster cards for your HD DSLR. Buy this one. It works very well so i dont see the need to pay double for a faster card.	Imaging pros expect a lot from their equipment and can?t afford to have a component limit their productivity or creativity. The newly redesigned BrandXYZ CompactFlash Elite Pro offers a minimum sustained write speed of 133X. The Elite Pro is designed specifically to help advanced amateur or professional photographers get the best performance from their high-end imaging devices and applications. No matter how fast you work, CF Elite Pro can keep pace. With its ultra-fast transfer rates of 25MB/se...
18845	It works so far	So far so good, I took it with me when I went to Peru for 10 day and I didn't have an issue with it. Let hope it stays that way. I am afraid of formatting it in my camera like I suppose to but I read too many stories about it changing from 32gb to 4gb.	Imaging pros expect a lot from their equipment and can?t afford to have a component limit their productivity or creativity. The newly redesigned BrandXYZ CompactFlash Elite Pro offers a minimum sustained write speed of 133X. The Elite Pro is designed specifically to help advanced amateur or professional photographers get the best performance from their high-end imaging devices and applications. No matter how fast you work, CF Elite Pro can keep pace. With its ultra-fast transfer rates of 25MB/se...
18847	perfect cost performance ratio	I did some research and this was the best cost performance ratio. Works excellent- I had no problems with the vendor at all. Quick service!	Imaging pros expect a lot from their equipment and can?t afford to have a component limit their productivity or creativity. The newly redesigned BrandXYZ CompactFlash Elite Pro offers a minimum sustained write speed of 133X. The Elite Pro is designed specifically to help advanced amateur or professional photographers get the best performance from their high-end imaging devices and applications. No matter how fast you work, CF Elite Pro can keep pace. With its ultra-fast transfer rates of 25MB/se...
18848	kingston pro	Having already owned this high capacity compact flash card, I ordered another one because of its reliability. I am very satisfied with this product and its performance under any condition for film or photography in which I have used it. I would not hesitate to buy another one if I need a compact flash card. For the price and quality this kingston elite pro 32 GB CF card will meet all of your demands for video or photography.	Imaging pros expect a lot from their equipment and can?t afford to have a component limit their productivity or creativity. The newly redesigned BrandXYZ CompactFlash Elite Pro offers a minimum sustained write speed of 133X. The Elite Pro is designed specifically to help advanced amateur or professional photographers get the best performance from their high-end imaging devices and applications. No matter how fast you work, CF Elite Pro can keep pace. With its ultra-fast transfer rates of 25MB/se...
18852	Beautiful sound!	I'd been primarily looking for a speaker/charging dock for my new iPhone. However, when my alarm clock began acting up, I took the opportunity to look for a new one that was iPhone compatible. I initially purchased an . It was quickly returned to Big Box Store for refund. Not only was it not actually compatible with the iPhone (my bad), it was a real piece of junk! After some research, I decided to try this radio. At twice the price, I had high hopes that it would be 'the one'. Well, I couldn't be more pleased. The following things highlight the pros and cons of the unit so far. Pros: 1. Alarms are easy to set and customize. 2. Alarm can be set to Radio, iPod (iPhone), or Line In. 3. Alarm volume level is adjustable. 4. Comes with a very easy to follow, yet thorough, instruction manual in both English and Spanish. 5. Radio presets are easy to set and use. 6. With five brightness levels, the display won't keep you up at night. 7. Includes Sleep and Nap functions. 8. Snooze button is huge so you don't have to open your eyes to locate it. 9. Despite it's relatively small size, the unit has beautiful sound that you don't generally get out of alarm clocks. Cons: 1. The included remote is pitifully small and it is not intuitively obvious how to use it. 2. Contrary to another review, the alarm cannot be set to a single day. Options include 7 days, weekdays, or weekends. 3. Unit does not remember what track to play from iPod/iPhone. You must turn on the alarm, power the clock unit off, and set the track on your iPod/iPhone you want to wake to before docking it. This can be a more tedious process late at night than it's worth. 4. Similarly, if you want to go to sleep listening to one playlist, you will have to use that playlist to wake to. 5. You have to power the unit off to set the nap feature. Don't forget to turn it back on! Bottom line: I'm impressed. This unit is feature rich without being too complicated to use. And the price is very good for what you get. It gets four stars instead of five because I wish each feature had it's own button instead of a set/preset and sleep/nap button.	BrandXYZ Dual Alarm Cloack Radio with iPhone and iPod Dock
18853	Liked it, but I had to return it because of the display....	I bought this item at Target, and it had all the features I was looking for. The only problem was the display. My spouse and I wear glasses and when we dimmed the display at night, it was impossible to read the time without putting on our glasses. Without glasses, we can both read the time on our old clock radio which has a .6 inch red LED readout. If it had not been for this problem, I would have been happy with this product. It has great sound for a clock radio, was the right size, has 2 alarms and can charge an iPod. I hope Memorex will develop a similar model with a different display.	BrandXYZ Dual Alarm Cloack Radio with iPhone and iPod Dock
18854	"Works with iPhone" and "Made for iPod" certified	I won one of these at a conference. This dual alarm clock radio delivers 10 Watts of room filling sound output to rock two dreamers out of bed. The Mi4290P Clock Radio works with the iPhone and all iPod models, and offers an intuitive user interface that makes it easy to set alarms and preferences. Its sleek, custom design features convenient dual alarms for varying schedules, a digital FM radio, and a reversed segment LCD display that won't keep you up at night. It also comes with a wireless remote for use throughout the room and an auxiliary line-in jack. Info from [...] NOTE: If you care (I don't) there is no AM radio on this model.	BrandXYZ Dual Alarm Cloack Radio with iPhone and iPod Dock
18855	Complicated	I really like this radio. The sound is very good and I like being able to listen to music from my iPhone. Also,I like that I can use it to charge my iPhone battery. But, programing the radio is complicated.	BrandXYZ Dual Alarm Cloack Radio with iPhone and iPod Dock
18856	Awesome sound quality	The Energy RC-Micro 5.1 surround sound speakers pack awesome sound in small and rather stylish design. I am not an audiophile, but I used to have large Infinity speakers that sat on the floor, and these Energy speakers have sound quality far superior to them. The powered bass rocks the house and can deliver plenty enough bass to fill my 13 x 20 foot room and more. The surround speakers have a uniquely crisp sound so that your home feels as though it was part of the original video and music making experience. Although these speakers can belt out over 100 watts per channel without a problem, I wouldn't recommend these speakers for the person who wants to listen to their music at deafening levels. The bass can deliver but the unique qualities of the surround speakers are somewhat lost at maximum power . . . or my ears can't adequately process all of the noise. I find these speakers excellent for surround sound TV and movie watching, excellent for music at normal listening levels (where the neighbors in the next house are not complaining), and good for the times when you want to make neighbors listen to your music.	Acclaimed micro-sized Home Theater surround speaker package perfect to frame around today's flat panel TVs.
18857	GREAT LITTLE SPEAKERS	I got these here on Amazon for $599. Now to a lot of you that might not sound like a lot of money, but to me this was a major purchase. But after researching for a long time I finaly decided on the Energy RC-Micro speakers over the Orb speaker system. I will never know how I would have liked the Orbs but it would be nearly impossible to be any happier than I am with these speakers. The package arrived very quickly, 4 days after I order and that was with the standard free shipping. Two corners on the box were flattened in a couple of inches, but Eneregy did a nice job with the packaging and everything inside was in perfect shape. I matched these speakers up with my Onkyo TX-SR507 and Omnimount Surround Sound System Mounting Package for Micro Speakers (Both of which i also recommend, especially the Omnimount brackets that came with an adapter that fit these speakers perfectly). After installation I am like a little kid at Christmas and spent the whole weekend in front of the TV trying out everything I could think of to test these babies. I pop in my blu-ray of Transformers. Oh boy what a way to start off. I put the volume to about 60 percent of maximum and the room was rocking. Great clean crisp highs, bass that I could feel in my seat, and voices that were clear even as the world seemed to be falling apart all around the people. Everything I listened to that weekend sounded great. A couple of other highlights: Encore was showing the new Rambo movie. About a half hour into the movie it starts raining. I swear that it sounded so realistic that I muted my sound because I thought it was raining outside (It had been earlier). Another movie I was watching has 2 neighborhood dogs barking at each other. My dog has never paid any attention to anything on the TV before and when this started up he suddenly sat up and started following the dog barks from left to right depending on which dog was barking. He even barked back once. The only thing I can see that might not meet everyone's expectations is the bass. I am more than happy with the bass performance but it is not a window shattering bass that some people want. I don't see how, but they say that these are going to sound even better after they are broke in for 50 - 60 hours. I know there are better systems out there for a lot more money, but unless you need or want more bass, I do not believe anyone will be unhappy with these.	Acclaimed micro-sized Home Theater surround speaker package perfect to frame around today's flat panel TVs.
18858	A great mix of size, style, and sound.	This is a highly regarded, top quality speaker system offering the primary benefit of impressive surround-sound without overwhelming your living room with large speakers. I am not an audiophile, but after buying the HDTV, I did a lot of research for a lower-priced 5.1 system with speakers small enough to blend into the room and I am indebted to all the audiophiles who post on the assorted audio forums that are out there. I settled on the now discontinued Energy Take 5.1 Classics, which I ordered from Electronic Expo for $349. It turns out that Electronic Expo was out of stock of the Take Classics but they offered me these Energy RC-Micros for the same price! First of all, Electronic Expo is to be commended for their first-rate customer service. What a deal for me! These RC-Micros sound better than the Take Classics and are even smaller. They're very easy to discreetly place around the room, great for those who don't want their living room dominated with large audio components. (My wife is such a person.) The prevailing wisdom seems to be that large floor speakers offer the ultimate audio experience but with these RC-Micros, the room maintains it's decorative integrity with minimal audio compromise. They really sound great. Please note: They did not impress me out of the box. The manual stressed that the speakers required a breaking in period of 40 - 50 hours. One can hear the sound quality evolve as the speakers break in. Placement of the speakers seems to significantly affect the quality of the surround-sound effect and it's worth spending time trying different placements but only do so after the breaking-in period is completed. Some basic tweaking of the settings on your receiver (and the back of the subwoofer)are important to bring out the best of these speakers. Again, I'm no audiophile but there's a lot of helpful information on the web and I also called the manufacturer, Energy, on a couple of occasions for technical help and they were fantastic. Don't be intimidated by this. Tweaking settings really matters but Energy will guide through the process and it takes only minutes. Never hesitate to call Energy's tech help. You'll get a real person right away, friendly and helpful. Monoprice is an excellent source for speaker wire. I bought a good quality 14 gauge wire though 16 gauge is probably sufficient unless you're running the wires a great distance. If you're looking for great sound in a small speaker, the RC-Micros are an excellent choice!	Acclaimed micro-sized Home Theater surround speaker package perfect to frame around today's flat panel TVs.
18859	Excellent sound and convenient size	After reading several positive reviews about these speakers in the internet I recently purchased them for my home teather system (my room is 12" X 14" approx). I was a bit worried as i did not have the opportunity to listen to them before (no local dealer), but saw them in Amazon for US 599 and decided to take the risk based on the reviews. Now having installed them I am very happy, the sound is clear, voice reproduction is clean and balance between the satellites and the subwoofer is perfect (you can adjust it). I was esceptical about little satellite systems because the ones i had heard before always left a sensation of emptiness, lack of clarity and some sounds totally lost. This system does not have all those problems, i have tested with action movies, normal TV signal, and musical dvds and still sound great. They are a very good purchase for the price.	Acclaimed micro-sized Home Theater surround speaker package perfect to frame around today's flat panel TVs.
18860	Speaker quality much bigger than its price!	I've been hesitant to review these speakers too quickly, as I wanted to allow for a break-in period and make fine adjustments to the system, etc. However, I am already so pleased with them, that they can only improve with additional break-in and adjustment! Pros: The first really positive thing about them is the price. For the quality of these speakers, they are very well priced. I was looking for something besides Bose (I don't hate Bose and have them in other rooms... just wanted something different here), but I didn't want to sacrifice quality or looks. These speakers are beautifully fininished, in a piano black laquer that makes them at home among the finest furnishings, or a dorm room. They are small enough to easily blend in, just about 30% or so larger than a Bose cube. The sound is extremely good. Very crisp and clear. I haven't pushed them hard, but they seem to maintain clarity very well at high volumes. The sound is also rich and full. Cons: The cons are not enough to diminish the star rating, but just little things that could be improved, or that they prospective buyer should know in order to make an informed choice. - The mounting mechanism could be a little bit better... the speakers accomodate either keyhole style or screw in, but the latter would almost have to be custom fit. The keyhole is a bit tight for the speaker mounts that I have... it works, but takes some tweaking. - The speaker wire connection could stand to be larger to accomodate large gauge wiring. I use two 16 ga. wires in a twisted pair for each connection and they just barely make it... again, not a big drawback, but would be an improvement. - The subwoofer is good, but will not rock the house... not out of the box. However, the adjustments and settings available on the sub allow for you to compensate to meet your needs. You AV receiver likely has additional abilities to adjust the bass as you require. For my needs and my taste, it is fine - but if you want really thundering bass, it might take more adjustment and placement trials to get that. Overall, very pleased with the Energy speakers, and I would repeat this purchase. I have them employed in a small (12 x 16) home theatre in my basement, and in that environment they sound incredible. A large room, or very high ceiling might be a lot for them to handle. For my "all black" look, they are asthetically perfect. Some others I considered had silver trimming that would have cheapened the look. The gloss black is elegant and goes with anything.	Acclaimed micro-sized Home Theater surround speaker package perfect to frame around today's flat panel TVs.
18868	M-Edge Response	M-Edge here, up to and as of today, 2/28, we have not shipped ANY Platform jackets out to customers as these are not available to begin shipping until next week (early March). These are designed to FIT the Kindle 2. Any suggestion otherwise is non-factual.	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18869	Nice Cover	The Kindle fits very well into the cover and it is well made. The stitching is even with no loose threads. The lining is soft grey suede and I really like the fact that there is a closure to keep it closed when I put it into my laptop bag. I read in bed with the Kindle held above my head and I imagine that I'll take it out of the cover for that application, but other than that, it's comfortable to use and hold. The cover folds back and becomes an easel which holds the Kindle at a nice angle for reading while I'm eating lunch. I'm happy with it and feel that it's a fair price for the product. I believe that the one-star reviews must have been written not for the K2 cover, but the one for the original Kindle as mine fits perfectly.	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18870	Great cover for Kindle 2, I love the cover	I just received the new platform cover for my Kindle 2. It fits my Kindle 2 perfectly. The leather is really nice and has a very nice smell. I own a few Kindle 1 covers and I love the Kindle 2 cover. I am not sure what are these other people talking about in their reviews about the cover not fitting their kindle 2. This is a new cover that M-Edge just shipped this week and it is a perfect fit. I think they must have mistaken the Kindle 1 cover for a Kindle 2. I will definitely purchase this cover for the Kindle 2, I am even thinking of getting the Prodigy cover too in a different color.	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18877	Perfect!	This is one high quality and just plain beautiful cover. I am very pleased with my purchase. I hesitated based on the iffy reviews but went ahead after the most recent ones. The cover fits well, holds my new Kindle 2 securely, smells like a new leather jacket, and just looks gorgeous! The red is lovely. Until now I've either left my Kindle at home or put it in an ill fitting zippered pouch I had that was less than convenient. Now I'll take it everywhere with me and know that it is secure and protected from other items in my purse or laptop bag. I'm leaving for a vacation in Iceland in a few days and plan to use the platform stand feature a lot on the airplane but I've also been using it a lot around the house. Perfect for reading while eating! You can't go wrong with this cover! Now I'm just waiting for M-edge to release that handy dandy book light and my Kindle and I will be all set!	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18878	Awesome, just what I wanted!	My brand new, red leather Platform jacket for the Kindle 2 arrived today and I love it, and I'd been waiting a good month for it having to use my Kindle 2 naked. It's just what I wanted since I travel alot and need the Kindle to occasionally stand on its own so I can read it with no hands. The leather protects the Kindle when packed, is beautifully crafted, and smells terrific--forgive me for loving quality but I do! It's the perfect complement to a great gadget and fits the new size. Thank you, M-Edge--I'm sold on your products.	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18879	Fits My Kindle 2 perfectly	I see reviews for this product that were submitted before the Kindle 2 M-edge was even available. I don't understand what their intent could have been. My M-edge came, and it fits perfectly. It makes a nice stand, too. I can't wait for the light that goes with this cover to be unveiled, because I expect it to be of similarly high quality.	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18896	NOT FOR THE KINDLE 2!!!!	This product is designed for the Kindle(original), not the Kindle 2 as stated in the description!	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18897	too small for kindle 2	I will return this. Very difficult to get Kindle 2 into this. When successful the outer edges of Kindle were exposed. Hopefully, I can order another brand that will fit.	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18900	This isn't a Kindle 2 cover.	I will return this item. The cover is too small to fit the Kindle 2. Even tho' it's presented here as a cover for the Kindle 2, it arrives labeled as a cover for the Kindle 1 which is probably the case.	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18901	To Small for Kindle 2	To small for Kindle 2, has label that says for Kindle 1. Nice product if it would fit my Kindle 2	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18902	Decadent and functional	Was a little concerned that this product might not live up to its price tag, but it is absolutely stunning in real life. If you're looking for something that will protect your investment AND show a little style, this is the jacket you've been searching for. The leather is top quality, the stitching is flawless, and the design is utterly functional. As the other review said, with the top folded back, you barely notice the case in your hands after the first few minutes. Until you want to read hands-free, and then it stands up for you! Because it uses the strap-in-slot mechanism to create the reading stand, you can actually adjust the upright angle to be really comfortable. The only other concern I had was about the additional space on the left side, designed to hold the matching book light. Turns out it's less than an inch wide and not obtrusive at all. While I don't have the M-Edge booklight (VERY frustrated btw that it's not available), my clips onto the back cover with the top part of the clip sliding nicely into the slot designed for the M-Edge light. Bonus! It is too large to store inside the jacket, so that might influence your purchase. The ONLY thing I'd change about the jacket (and this is admittedly really, really nitpicky) is the color of elastic used for the 2 top restraining loops and the pen loop. On the cream/tan color, the black elastic just jumps out, whereas a white elastic would have been more subtle. (Note: even on the top restraining loops, they covered the elastic that actually rests on the front of the Kindle with more of the cream leather. A REALLY nice touch.)	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18903	Seems To Do Almost Everything I Want a Cover To Do	This classy cover seems to have almost everything a user could ask for: 1. Protection. This leather cover is thick and resilient. If I were to drop my Kindle I think it would survive a drop from several feet (although of course I won't try that). Will NOT protect from submersion in the bathtub. 2. Propability. I can open the over and the top flips over to create a stand, and this means I can quit using our napkin holder for that purpose! 3. Ledgibility. This cover provides a ledge on the left side, onto which one could clip a small book light if desired. 4. Aesthetics. it's soft, thick leather adds to the pleasure of reading. 5. Extras. Slots for a business card, 6 x 8 paper or photo, and a place to hold a pen or pencil.	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18904	Looks beautiful	It's a little more money than the one Amazon is selling, but it looks beautiful and feels buttery in your hands. It was really worth the extra money. The white is a little creamier and the strap a little tanner than it shows in the picture (there is less overall color difference and contrast), but it is still a nice looking product. I really like the fact that it can stand up on it's own. I almost got the book style cover until I realized that I don't need that extra flap to get in the way just because it mimics the old way I'm used to holding a book. The stand is great, it folds out of the way if I'm reading in my lap, but I have the option to stand the book up and read while eating, for example. Definitely recommended!	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18905	Form over function	I just got this cover in the mail with my Kindle, and I'll be returning it first thing Monday. It's made of good quality leather, but is a lot heavier and bulkier than I anticipated. As a result, this cover is a constant distraction. Also, this may be due to my computer screen, but the color is not as pictured. As another reviewer mentioned, the cream part is a lot whiter in the picture, and the stripe in the middle is actually more brown than burgundy.	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18906	An inconvenient truth	I absolutely love the look of this cover so I bought it. However, I will be returning it as the clasp is inconvenient to use. It also dangles in front of the keyboard and I find it distracting. Also, the kindle does not feel secure with the elastics holding it in...I'd have preferred the hinge.	The Platform Jacket for the Amazon Latest Generation Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or at home, the Platform Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Latest Generation Kindle in a superior case. The Platform Jacket introduces a new standing design, which allows you to read your Kindle upright, hands-free, while still offering full surface protection in a lushly padded case. The soft grey interior ensur...
18907	Beautiful Kindle 2 Cover	I received my M-edge Prodigy cover yesterday, and am quite impressed with the quality. The workmanship is top notch, it's beautifully made. The Kindle snaps right into the cover with a hinged system similar to the Amazon cover, with two corner straps on the right side. I decided that I wanted a fancier cover than the standard cover available, and it was well worth the extra $15.	The Prodigy Jacket for Latest Generation Amazon Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or on the treadmill, the Prodigy Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Amazon Kindle in a superior case. The Prodigy Jacket offers full surface protection in a lushly padded case, while the soft grey interior ensures your Kindle will always be cushioned in comfort. The jacket utilizes Kindle-compatible mounting system to ...
18908	A great Kindle 2 case!	Just received this cover today (in purple, but same model), about 3 weeks after ordering from Amazon. Granted, it was ordered before the product was even complete so I was ok with the wait. It is very similar in look and feel to a Dooney and Bourke pocketbook if you are familiar with them. It has a great leather smell, just like a new purse. And the additional room on the binder side (meant for the e-Luminator light - sold separately) gives you a nice place to hold the cover with the Kindle attached. I love the hinge system, one of the main reasons I bought it. Coming from the K1, the original case Amazon provided was functional but the Kindle always fell out. So when Amazon improved the hinge for the K2, I knew I would only buy a case that had that feature. One word of note, I initially did not "lock" the K2 in the new m-edge case correctly and it almost fell out when I shook it (over a sofa) to test the support. Luckily the two straps on the top right and bottom right held it from falling. Then I discovered I had not closed the hinge enough and made sure the top hinge was securely pushed upwards to "lock it". Installation instructions are not included with the case (weird) but are available from m-edge online. Amazon won't let me post the url, but if you go to the buymedge website you can view the installation intructions. The look and feel of the case is very professional. I am very happy with this purchase and do not expect to be taking the Kindle out of it very often. The only little issue I have is that the tab is a bit too snug when it needs to be slid into the cover to close. A snap might have been a bit easier. Still not enough of a con to drop the rating. But the tab does tuck away easily so as not to interfere while reading, which is nice.	The Prodigy Jacket for Latest Generation Amazon Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or on the treadmill, the Prodigy Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Amazon Kindle in a superior case. The Prodigy Jacket offers full surface protection in a lushly padded case, while the soft grey interior ensures your Kindle will always be cushioned in comfort. The jacket utilizes Kindle-compatible mounting system to ...
18909	Jazzing up my Kindle	I wanted a cover that both looked great and had inner pockets to hold itineraries, etc. when I travel. This cover fills those requirements and I've very happy with it. I really like the hinge system on the amazon cover and didn't want to give that up - on my case it was a little harder to snap my kindle into place than with its original cover, (but that could have been me, too) now that it's in, it's very secure and the extra straps on the right side hold it more firmly in place. I'm less worried about opening this one backwards by mistake. This cover is slightly bigger than the amazon to allow room for their booklight (which looks like it may well be a future purchase of mine). The leather feels like quality material and is soft to the touch. It allows the front cover to easily fold all the way over. The tab is taking a little getting used to as it's just there sticking up next to what I'm reading; it's not in the way or anything, it's just standing there. There are three inner pockets that will hold documentation as I travel - which is perfect - and they are sewn on snug enough that I will not be able to just add more and more stuff in and turn them into junk holders.	The Prodigy Jacket for Latest Generation Amazon Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or on the treadmill, the Prodigy Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Amazon Kindle in a superior case. The Prodigy Jacket offers full surface protection in a lushly padded case, while the soft grey interior ensures your Kindle will always be cushioned in comfort. The jacket utilizes Kindle-compatible mounting system to ...
18910	Nice cover	This is a really nice cover. I enjoyed the fact that there was a wide selection of colors. I may end up buying another cover of a different color to change things up a bit. The only downfall is that this thing is expensive! That is why it got 4 stars instead of 5. It closes completely and I feel like my Kindle is completely secure. I like the fact that M-Edge makes a light that fits right into this cover as well. I have ordered the light, but it is on back order. Hopefully it is as good as it looks so I can read the kindle in the dark!	The Prodigy Jacket for Latest Generation Amazon Kindle is the ultimate for sophisticated on-the-go eReader users. Whether in the office, at a business meeting, or on the treadmill, the Prodigy Jacket provides refined and stylish protection of your Amazon Kindle in a superior case. The Prodigy Jacket offers full surface protection in a lushly padded case, while the soft grey interior ensures your Kindle will always be cushioned in comfort. The jacket utilizes Kindle-compatible mounting system to ...
18933	Works perfectly!!	This telephone set is perfect! I researched cordless telephone manufacturers and I came to the conclusion that Vtech phones had the best overall reviews. I was not disappointed. Clear sound and no battery issues. Remote phones are problem free. I particularly like that telephone numbers and other things entered into any of the telephones are available to all of them. The buttons are easy to use and using the features is simple. I have optimum digital/cable phone service through Cablevision and I have the primary base phone connected to the modem. The bases of the two secondary phones are plugged into electrical outlets. No problems at all. I am not using the answering machine system that is a feature of this set. A really great thing for me is that the telephones actually tell me when a voicemail has been left on my digital/cable system. This set is a great deal! Other cordless telephone systems sell for a lot more.	BrandXYZ DECT 6.0 Expandable Three Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID
18934	Very good product for the price	I've been using VTech expandable cordless phone system for 4 years. Few weeks ago I was forced to look for a rechargable battery replacement in one of my phones (VTech 2660 series). It could no longer hold the charge. However, as I was looking around for the best deal, instead of replacing the battery I ended up with a new VTech phone system (CS6229-4) purchased directly from VTech. As of this writing Amazon doesn't offer 4 handset unit but because they all work the same regardless of the number of handsets, I wanted to share the experience with mine. I'm very pleased with this upgrade. Besides good sound quality and ease of setup/use, I really appreciate the feature of Directory entries being shared by all system handsets. "Any additions, deletions or edits made on one handset affect the directory on all handsets." My old system did not support that - inconvenience. VTech 6229 allows to answer calls by pressing any of the backlit dialing keys (0-9, #, *) besides those two dedicated (unfortunately non-lit) Talk/Flash and Speakerphone. Handsets have 10 different ring tones to choose from.	BrandXYZ DECT 6.0 Expandable Three Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID
18936	great phone!!!!	Love this phone! Great clarity, lightweight, bright backlight, and good features. I love the fact that i can check my messages on any handset rather than only at the base. This phone is a great buy, I highly recommend it.	BrandXYZ DECT 6.0 Expandable Three Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID
18937	No headset jack?	Bought this phone on the strength of previous reviews. It arrived very quickly (thank you, Amazon) and is, indeed, very shiny. It has a small footprint, which is much appreciated. However, the initial charge takes 16 HOURS! (I expected 8.) However, that I can deal with. It's a minor inconvenience, but nothing more. What does upset me is the lack of a headset jack. Who makes a phone without a headset jack (or some other hands-free solution) anymore? I work at home and spend a lot of time on the phone. This is going to be a real problem, but after spending nearly $60 already, I can't afford to find another replacement just yet. I am rather disappointed.	BrandXYZ DECT 6.0 Expandable Three Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID
18938	Works for me	Pros: Automatically transmits phone directory to other system phones. Only requires one telephone line connection for all phones. Very handy having extra handsets around the house. Caller ID appears on each handset from an incoming call. Cons: Can't rest handset on your shoulder while on hold because the handset is too small. Doesn't auto answer when you lift handset from base. Comment: The vtech transformer I received for the answering base can only be very slightly heard if I place my ear directly on the little power brick so this is a non issue for me. I wish that the phone and those like it had a phone number reject memory for spam calls. I don't see the purpose of the voicemail function since the phone already has an answering machine. Recommendation: Buy.	BrandXYZ DECT 6.0 Expandable Three Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID
18941	affordable basic phone system	Good range and clear audio, easy to setup. Incoming message number indication not as bright as I would like. Of no importance to me color is black/silver not black/white	BrandXYZ DECT 6.0 Expandable Three Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID
18943	Love this V-tech phone!	I received my new phone with the three handsets promptly and hooked it all up and it is just wonderful! so easy to set up and the sound quality is supurb! Especially the speakerphone option.. I can't find anything I don't like about this phone. Thanks V-Tech for this great phone! Thanks to Amazon for offering this phone at a fair price!	BrandXYZ DECT 6.0 Expandable Three Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID
18948	Perfect phone	The phone is everything they said. Easy to install, works perfect. It doesn't need any configuration just plug and play.	BrandXYZ DECT 6.0 Expandable Three Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID
18949	disappointing phone	i bought this phone set because it was advertised to have a backlit keypad--which it does, to a point. my other phone set had no backlighting, so, when that phone rang in the middle of the night, it was hard to see where the answer button was. guess what? although this vtech does have a backlit keypad, the answer/dial button for some reason is not lit, so i did not further my stated cause by getting this phone. also, the vtech is far less intuitive than my panasonic set. it is much harder to go through the menus and functions. i wish i could return it.	BrandXYZ DECT 6.0 Expandable Three Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID
18951	Vtech Cordless Phones	I ordered Three Vtech Phones and Received them Promply...I was Amazed at how easy they were to set up and very simple to operate...I have had them a couple of months now and I am VERY Satisified with Them	BrandXYZ DECT 6.0 Expandable Three Handset Cordless Phone System with Digital Answering Device and Caller ID
18981	Cool frame,great price!	I purchased the 15" frame from eMotion for my mother and it was great, so I wanted an inexpensive frame for my office. This frame was the perfect choice.	7-inch BrandXYZ ambient blue digital picture frame with stunning blue light glowing at all edges. Unique and innovative design shows off photos in a stunning presentation, including Mosaic slideshow of 4 photos up on the screen at the same time.
18982	abundant options,good sound.	I sold my 6160 (last years model) so I could get this one and so far so good. It has the HDMI link control with other components (on,off,volume control,ect.) as you would expect with higher end electronics. 1 problem I encountered is when I watch a Blu-ray then turn the unit off, then back on again to watch regular TV, it returns to the HDMI input that the bluray is assigned, instead of coming on with the HDMI input assigned to the Satelite rcvr. I have not yet been able to figure this out. The Hdmi is also pass thru when the rcvr. is off or standby. Another small problem is that when I listen to music via the Satelite rcvr I can't tell if I'm receiving a multi channel broadcast or standard 2 chnl. I know the sirius music chnls. are put out 2 chnl. but the receiver says I'm getting multi. My old 6160 showed 2 speakers in the right hand display for 2 chnl. and 5 or 7 for multi chnl. over all that's small potatoes because it still sounds fine, but it does take some getting used to because you either need to pick a decoder that sounds right or stick the rcvr. into 7 chnl. stereo mode. Speaking of which this rcvr. let's you tweak some of the decoders settings which is a nice little bonus. I have read some other complaints about this rcvr. Fear was that the amp had been watered down, and that the part of the amp that ran low freq. had been removed. The obvious reason for this is that the LFE chnl. output is signal only which usually goes to a powered sub or sub amp so you don't need all that anyway, however without seeing the settings they used to establish their premise I can't say if I agree with them. The sound is just as good as my older 6160 after I tweaked the EQ and made some mods to the Decoders. The auto setup system Mic (Ypao) worked alright but you should check the settings after it gets done and tweak it also. (speaker distances& levels) Overall I'm happy but I think maybe next years model will get some of these bugs worked out,& maybe a nicer front panel & TV setup display. I Love Yamaha products so I admit a little bias here but there is a reason to love their lineup,options,sound quality,value.	BrandXYZ HTR-6260BL 630 Watt 7-Channel Home Theater Receiver
18983	Great sounding amplifier	I recommend this unit highly. It would get five stars if it was a bit less complicated. But it does so much so perhaps that is inevitable. The remote has fifty-nine buttons! So far I have used about ten. Maybe when I get around to controlling my CD player from this remote I'll use some of the others, and need one less remote too. Currently I am using it as a stereo receiver with a Yamaha CD player, with two Polk side speakers and a Polk sub-woofer. I am very pleased with the sound [I do not consider myself an audiophile but I do enjoy my music, classical, opera and rock mostly]. Plenty of volume, more bass available than I need but that part is easy to adjust. The room where I have this unit is 20' by 25' with a 12' celing, and there's no problem filling it with sound. Rock on! I am impressed and consider it very good value for money too.	BrandXYZ HTR-6230BL 500 Watt 5-Channel Home Theater Receiver
18984	If you are not a geek, beware !	I bought this system, with a new Samsung 1081P TV and Samsung Blueray disk player. Am not usually adverse to technical stuff, but this was a hard one to crack. The manual is definitly not intuitive, nor the setup. My initial mistake was to think that HDMI cable would reduce the wires behind the setup, so linked them up and : no sound. Going "straight" gave sound to the TV but no sound in the loudspeakers. After several hrs pondering and trying to understand the manual, I was left with the choice or returning the Yamaha, or keep trying. After about 5 attempts of 2 hrs, I was still nowhere. The loudspeakers were properly connected, (5 for surround, and 2 large High quality stereo for classical music) as after some fumbling, I got the radio to work on all speakers, but the DVD and HD satelite TV ? nothing. In desperation I asked a young geek to come, and he sat and pondered for a good hr, and finally worked out that the HDMI did not carry the sound for this Yamaha, more fumbling we connected more cables and 30 min's later it worked, at last. But beware this Yamaha is not for the ordinary technical minded person. It is definitely not intuitive and the manual not straight forward. (I use many microsoft PC programs, and have gone deep into the software features, without ever looking at a manual - just for comparison) I still haven't figured out how to work my Ipod (or equivalent) through the front input jack, maybe when I have more courage, I will try again later. Conclusion: It works, but you sure have to have a lot of "geek" perseverance to get it straight and working.	BrandXYZ HTR-6230BL 500 Watt 5-Channel Home Theater Receiver
18985	Pretty Good	I bought this receiver and speakers from HHGreg over the weekend. I'm not familiar with receivers and high-end sound systems. I just wanted surround sound from my ps3, ipod and macbook. The salesperson told me all I needed from my ps3 was HDMI connections. Well she obviously does not know what she is talking or care about the customer. So 6 hours later after reading in the manual 'this system does not output surround sound from HDMI input", I returned and complained. Luckily this time I got someone who knew their job and told me I needed a optical audio cable. Thank goodness now it works! I agree that the operations are not intuitive, but I think for the price it's a winner. Just dont expect the salesperson to actually know what they're talking about, shame on me or assuming her/she did.	BrandXYZ HTR-6230BL 500 Watt 5-Channel Home Theater Receiver
18986	good but not perfect :)	Ok, so like the other guy said, it works fine but the HDMI doesn't carry sound (Which totally sucks because that is the whole point of using HDMI) so you have to use either an extra coaxial or optical cable besides the HDMI. Other than that i really like it, it's perfect for what it costs and i love the sound.	BrandXYZ HTR-6230BL 500 Watt 5-Channel Home Theater Receiver
18987	Perfect system	This does everything you need. the only fault is that it is a bit bulky.	BrandXYZ HTR-6230BL 500 Watt 5-Channel Home Theater Receiver
18988	Extremely happy with this product	I am using this repeater with a Samsung LN46B550 LCD HDTV, an HD TiVo, and an old DVD player. It works great no matter what direction I point the IR remote in the room. I had previously tried a Buffalo IR-350, IR-100, IR-E1 setup and it suffered from interference caused by the LCD TV's backlighting and barely worked at all with the TiVo. I am a lot happier with the Xantech IR repeater. If you have an LCD HDTV, make sure you get an IR repeater that is specifically designed to filter out interference from it.	The Designer Micro Link IR kit makes it possible to control up to four different audio and video components behind solid doors or walls using your existing IR remote. The included Micro Link peep hole style IR receiver was designed for mounting in walls, ceilings, wall speakers and other very small spaces and has been engineered specifically to resist IR interference caused by LCD TVs, CFLS and sunlight. It includes a white, brass and black bezel to blend in with your existing d?cor. The include...
18989	Great infrared kit. Would definitely recommend this kit.	I looked around a lot at many different infrared repeater kits. I wasn't for certain about this product, but gave it a try. I'm so glad that I did. The installation was very easy and there is no setup, just plug everything in. I've read about several other kits not working with all of people's devices, but so far this one works with everything I've got. I'm using this with an LCD tv, and haven't had any problems with interference. I'm using this to relay the signals to my digital cable box (Motorola), Sony DVD player, Samsung AV receiver, and Apply TV. I'm also using a Logitech universal remote for some of the devices as well. It works great with all of them. I would definitely recommend this kit for anyone needing an IR repeater kit. It is great.	The Designer Micro Link IR kit makes it possible to control up to four different audio and video components behind solid doors or walls using your existing IR remote. The included Micro Link peep hole style IR receiver was designed for mounting in walls, ceilings, wall speakers and other very small spaces and has been engineered specifically to resist IR interference caused by LCD TVs, CFLS and sunlight. It includes a white, brass and black bezel to blend in with your existing d?cor. The include...
18990	sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't	The IR Repeater will work well and then suddenly stop transmitting with no change in lighting or environment. Fortunately, I tested it for a few days and never drilled the hole in my cabinet to permanently mount it	The Designer Micro Link IR kit makes it possible to control up to four different audio and video components behind solid doors or walls using your existing IR remote. The included Micro Link peep hole style IR receiver was designed for mounting in walls, ceilings, wall speakers and other very small spaces and has been engineered specifically to resist IR interference caused by LCD TVs, CFLS and sunlight. It includes a white, brass and black bezel to blend in with your existing d?cor. The include...
18993	READ THIS - Great device, but only with newest firmware 1.0.03	I have this router now for six weeks. Right out of the box it gave me great speed over wired Gigabit ethernet. But over a few days, the speed went down to good ol' dial-up times. Only a router reset gave back the full speed - for a few hours until the problem came up again. There was long discussion about this problem over at the vendor forum, and finally the issue was solved by Linksys/Cisco (had something to do with UPnP, you don't wanna know the details). So please do yourself a favor: Buy this router. It is the best device for a home great network with a fast internet connection. BUT immediately after purchase, upgrade the router firmware to Ver 1.0.03 build 10 (release date 08/13/2009). It will save you the trouble I had.	Get ready for the power of Wireless-N technology with the BrandXYZ by Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router that provides ultra-fast transfer speeds, air-tight security features, greater coverage, and support for wireless and wired devices. Dual Wireless-N radio bands ensure less interference from other wireless networks, and four integrated Gigabit Ethernet ports provides support for a variety of wired devices at blazing-fast speeds ideal for streaming videos, gaming, and ultra-quic...
18996	Unable to maintain connection	We were connecting a Vista laptop running a Dlink N adaptor, a MAC laptop and a wired Vista desktop. This home/office configuration previously operated on a Linksys wireless G router. We have been using Linksys routers for several years. When the older G router finally failed, we stayed with the same vendor. We purchased a new Linksys WRT320N. Initially the WRT320N connected and appeared to be much faster and better. A few hours later we started having connection trouble. Our MAC laptop would lose the connection and need to be reconnected using the SSID and the wireless password. Both the MAC and the Vista laptop would separately lose connectivity to the WRT320N network. Our wireless distance was about 20 feet from the WRT320N router. Sometimes when we attempted to connect using wireless we would not see our network in the list of networks that we can connect to. Other networks around the neighborhood were visible. Once connected, the router was unable to maintain any type of load such as wirelessly watching a movie. An internet movie would fail in less than 5 minutes time. PROS: The wired connections seemed to work well. Wired router response time was good. CONS: The WRT320N ran very hot. We were careful to position the router to receive maximum air flow. Under ideal conditions, Individual wireless sessions would randomly lose connection. Under ideal conditions, Wireless connections were difficult to establish. Under ideal conditions, Wireless connections could not support a consistent load. SUMMARY: After many hours of trying to fix connection trouble, we decided to pack it up and return it. We replaced it with a Netgear 3500. Once installed, all of the connection issues vanished. Wireless movie viewing worked without a hitch. Netgear wireless throughput was fast and good.	Get ready for the power of Wireless-N technology with the BrandXYZ by Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router that provides ultra-fast transfer speeds, air-tight security features, greater coverage, and support for wireless and wired devices. Dual Wireless-N radio bands ensure less interference from other wireless networks, and four integrated Gigabit Ethernet ports provides support for a variety of wired devices at blazing-fast speeds ideal for streaming videos, gaming, and ultra-quic...
18997	make sure to update firmware	I have the 310n and bought the 320n for my mother-in law, both will run hot out of the box but once I updated the firmware they cooled way down and performance was better and reliable	Get ready for the power of Wireless-N technology with the BrandXYZ by Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router that provides ultra-fast transfer speeds, air-tight security features, greater coverage, and support for wireless and wired devices. Dual Wireless-N radio bands ensure less interference from other wireless networks, and four integrated Gigabit Ethernet ports provides support for a variety of wired devices at blazing-fast speeds ideal for streaming videos, gaming, and ultra-quic...
18998	Works great for me	I bought this product as I had several Giga-bit nodes and a 802.11N Notebook so I nneded the increase speed. I must admit the setup wasn't as easy as the WRT110 that I just replaced but once I had re-program all my wireless devices it worked great for me.	Get ready for the power of Wireless-N technology with the BrandXYZ by Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router that provides ultra-fast transfer speeds, air-tight security features, greater coverage, and support for wireless and wired devices. Dual Wireless-N radio bands ensure less interference from other wireless networks, and four integrated Gigabit Ethernet ports provides support for a variety of wired devices at blazing-fast speeds ideal for streaming videos, gaming, and ultra-quic...
20485	Very happy with this	Easy easy easy wireless setup. Fast printing, excellent quality text, pics and scans.	Be smart and simplify your life with the BrandXYZ Stylus NX515 all-in-one with built-in Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking. Share one printer to print, scan or access memory card slots1 from anywhere in your home - all without wires. The NX515 prints up to 2x faster than competitively priced models2, with maximum print speeds of 36 ppm black/color and laser quality speeds of 15 ppm black and 9.3 ppm color?. With the NX515, you get remarkable results every time. Print outstanding documents and amazing...
20496	Great memory	I got this memory in Amazon for $$ 75, so far so good, can't be happier. Running on Gigabyte 770 AM3 with Athlon x4 620.	BrandXYZ's AMD Editon Low-Voltage kits are optimized to leverage the AM3 platform for an enhanced real world computing experience, particularly beneficial for enthusiasts, gamers, and professionals whose systems demand superior compatibility. Featuring a low-voltage specification, the new AMD optimized memory will be an excellent way to future-proof your system with impending CPU voltage limitations on the next generation platforms. Each module is 100% hand-tested for quality assurance and compa...
18999	Horrible technical support	I bought this unit to replace an older D-Link unit that wouldn't work with my new computer. I decided to try a different brand because the D-Link had been having problems freezing up more and more frequently. At the retailer, they suggested Linksys as more of the Lexus brand. However, I've had nothing but problems with this unit. The software that accompanies the unit (Linksys Easy Link Advisor) was NOT easy. It failed to install 7 times in a row. When I call tech support, they were not able to diagnose my problem - it was obvious that the rep had a limited number of solutions to try, but didn't really understand what she was doing. I finally gave up as I'd been able to configure the router myself. However, later that day I was getting blocked from using Google docs due to some "network defender" the router installed. Given that I wasn't able to install the software, I could not figure out how this was happening or how to turn it off. Against my better judgment, I called support again. I explained what I had been through, and the first thing she asked me to do was to uninstall the Linksys Easy Link Advisor - but of course it wasn't there, and she had obviously not listened to my situation. She put me on hold for - I kid you not - 20 minutes. When she returned, she said I'd have to call my computer manufacturer and have them adjust the registry - because the aborted installs had put something in the registry. And no, they wouldn't pay for it (as it was clearly my problem). Very frustrated, I asked to speak to a supervisor. Again, I was put on hold. I hung up after 10 minutes as I finally figured out how to solve the problem myself (I had put all that time on hold to good use). And I came here to warn others - DO NOT BUY LINKSYS. Their software is NOT intuitive, and their support is terrible.	Get ready for the power of Wireless-N technology with the BrandXYZ by Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router that provides ultra-fast transfer speeds, air-tight security features, greater coverage, and support for wireless and wired devices. Dual Wireless-N radio bands ensure less interference from other wireless networks, and four integrated Gigabit Ethernet ports provides support for a variety of wired devices at blazing-fast speeds ideal for streaming videos, gaming, and ultra-quic...
19013	Works Perfect	Router was exactly as described including the ease of setup. Plugged it in, selected a few settings, connected my desktop PC and Photosmart printer, and everything worked perfectly. Later I added a wireless connection for my Laptop with no problem. Shipping was exceptionally fast, I got it in three days which was less than the estimated delivery.	Get ready for the power of Wireless-N technology with the BrandXYZ by Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router that provides ultra-fast transfer speeds, air-tight security features, greater coverage, and support for wireless and wired devices. Dual Wireless-N radio bands ensure less interference from other wireless networks, and four integrated Gigabit Ethernet ports provides support for a variety of wired devices at blazing-fast speeds ideal for streaming videos, gaming, and ultra-quic...
19021	great product	I'm new to the whole wireless thing and I was dreading setting up the router. But it was so much easier than I had expected. Good product. I would recommend it to everyone	Get ready for the power of Wireless-N technology with the BrandXYZ by Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router that provides ultra-fast transfer speeds, air-tight security features, greater coverage, and support for wireless and wired devices. Dual Wireless-N radio bands ensure less interference from other wireless networks, and four integrated Gigabit Ethernet ports provides support for a variety of wired devices at blazing-fast speeds ideal for streaming videos, gaming, and ultra-quic...
19031	What a pain in the butt...	I bought this to replace the router functionality in my older linksys Wireless N router. For some reason, the router part of the old one fails to function while the wireless and gig switch capability continues to work. First off, the router's wireless G capability doesn't seem to work well. When I made it the main controller for the wireless network in my home, it did not play well with other wireless devices and I had NO wireless access that worked. my iPhone, wife's laptop, and other devices failed to successfully use wireless (and yes, I used the same WPA with a shared pass key and the same channel settings as the other devices). I had to reset it 4 or 5 times in the first hour until I finally said frack it and shut off the wireless part of the router and made my Apple Time Capsule the main wireless access point. This is the last linksys / Cisco product I will knowingly buy. The router works. I like the gig switch capability, but if I could find one that didn't have the wireless option and didn't cost about twice what it is actually worth to me, I wouldn't have bought this.	Get ready for the power of Wireless-N technology with the BrandXYZ by Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router that provides ultra-fast transfer speeds, air-tight security features, greater coverage, and support for wireless and wired devices. Dual Wireless-N radio bands ensure less interference from other wireless networks, and four integrated Gigabit Ethernet ports provides support for a variety of wired devices at blazing-fast speeds ideal for streaming videos, gaming, and ultra-quic...
19032	Much better than that 54G Linksys	I had the standard Linksys blue 54G with speedboost model and upgraded to this router. This is much better. The range is much better. My wireless devices like my iPhone, XBox 360 wireless etc have better signals and work better. My internet seems faster. And the software that manages who is on your network etc is pretty cool.	Get ready for the power of Wireless-N technology with the BrandXYZ by Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router that provides ultra-fast transfer speeds, air-tight security features, greater coverage, and support for wireless and wired devices. Dual Wireless-N radio bands ensure less interference from other wireless networks, and four integrated Gigabit Ethernet ports provides support for a variety of wired devices at blazing-fast speeds ideal for streaming videos, gaming, and ultra-quic...
19036	OK when working	Worked ok while it was working but it repeatedly would lose connection with the internet. I dont know if it was the router at fault or the internet connection or ISP	Get ready for the power of Wireless-N technology with the BrandXYZ by Cisco WRT320N Dual-Band Wireless-N Gigabit Router that provides ultra-fast transfer speeds, air-tight security features, greater coverage, and support for wireless and wired devices. Dual Wireless-N radio bands ensure less interference from other wireless networks, and four integrated Gigabit Ethernet ports provides support for a variety of wired devices at blazing-fast speeds ideal for streaming videos, gaming, and ultra-quic...
19150	simple way to display your favorite memories	I looked for a while for a reasonably priced digital frame that had enough internal memory to store my favorite pictures of my child growing up. The Colby has 1GB of internal memory which is more that sufficient for me. Found the product at Kmart for about $20 less than Amazon! Nice display, works nicely and will even play music or video. My only real complaint is that the manual needs work, it really doesn't explain how to move pictures from your PC to the frame...turns out it is really easy if you just use file manager in Windows and find the folder internal to the frame (which in this case is DP850). It also accepts just about any card (if you provide an adpater) so it is easy to copy from your SD or MMC cards as well.	BrandXYZ DP850-1G 8.4-inch digital photo frame with MP3 player, 8.4-inch TFT LCD color display, 1G internal flash memory lets you store your favorite photos directly on the frame, displays JPEG image files, calendar and clock with alarm timer, plays MP3 and WMA music files, plays MPEG4, H.264, motion JPEG video files, photo slideshow mode with music, SD,MMC,MS,xD, and CFcard slots, full-size USB port for use with flash memory drives, includes Vividshare PC software for creating custom multimedia...
19041	Great Still Images, Excellent 720P for the price	The true market for this camera is someone who wants to have one device that is compact, shoots excellent quality pictures, and has the capability of capturing 720P HD movies. It's a Canon, so the image quality is a given. Tons of examples on Flickr if you simply search for "canon SD960" or "IXUS 110". Colors are true, not highly sharpened, low chromatic aberration, and rich with detail. Do not, however, mistake this power of the DIGIC IV processor to be perfect and free of noise at high zoom or ISO above 400. Compared to its class, however, the results are just great for the price point. But the odds are you are looking at this camera not just for its stills ability, but the fact that it can also shoot HD movies. So how does the HD perform. Here, the optical stabilization and optical zoom make this a far better choice than it's nearest hybrid competitor, the Flip HD. The Flip is a fun, very easy to use device, but the lack of image stabilization in camera makes the output very choppy and prone to a "jello" wobbling effect. The Canon has a much smoother output. A strong performer in low light (but expect more noise) and a really excellent result in natural light. For samples, my best recommendation is to search Vimeo -- they have the best HD streaming of uploaded videos, and looking at results on Youtube (even if "HD") doesn't do the camera justice. In practice, Mac users will be happy to see that iPhoto can handle the whole offload process -- stills and movies. Launch iPhoto, turn on camera and load what you'd like. The movie files are H.264, and can be quickly edited in iMovie or Final Cut. One worthy note on shooting movie and zoom. You frame your shot and set focus with a half push of the shutter button. Press all the way to record. Once you start recording, you are set at your original zoom level and can not use the OPTICAL zoom to pull closer. Instead, the camera uses DIGITAL zoom to get closer. In practice, I found this did not produce a terribly degraded result, but it is worthy noting before you purchase the camera. Mono mic on the camera, which pics up sound very well -- even on the crowded/noisy streets of NYC. The cheaper Canon SD780 is very nice also if you are looking to save $50. The newer jog wheel and extra zoom, however, was worth the upgrade (IMHO). Budget for one of the 8G or 16G SDHC cards sold on Amazon for 50+ minutes of HD recording. And probably worth buying a 3rd party second battery to have on hand.	Immediate gratification is the pulse of today, and the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH with its streamlined appeal wastes no time at reminding you. "Here's a camera unlike any other." But it's the excitement of ongoing discovery - the way this camera captures the vibrant spontaneity of the world before you - that defines the lasting rewards of the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH, and the new level of pictures and HD movies that await you.
19044	HD Video Great, Pictures not better than my SD550	8-4-09 Update: I think it's time to update my review. I really do love the video this camera shoots. If that's all I wanted it for, this would be a 5-star product. But over time I am getting more and more disappointed with the quality of the photos. Maybe my unit is a dud, but the noise seems to be getting worse. I just think that an outdoor photo, taken in full daylight, should NOT be a noisy as the pix from this camera are. I miss my SD550. I may have to just suck it up an switch back, or look for something else to use as a point and shoot for when I don't want to carry my XTi around with me. ================================== I finally upgraded my SD550, which was getting pretty beat up and tired. I was really looking for a >3x optical zoom (4x isn't a huge improvement, but it's enough for a 12.1mp camera) I actually really like the layout on this one, the huge screen (I never used the viewfinder on the 550) and the playback button at the top right. The HD video quality seems good to me (I have a more expensive HD videocamera, so this for me is not going to be used when I know I want to shoot a lot of video), but I found the controls for playback confusing (it's not clear at ALL just looking at the camera that you have to press up on the control wheel and THEN press the set button. The 550 used Set/Set to playback. I have to be careful not to use Set/Set because the first Set launches the delete function (!) I also found the purple lines caused by bright lights to be much more harsh on the 960 than they ever were on the 550. In fact, I had to go back to the 550 to see if it even did that (It did). It's just more noticable on the 960 but that could be because it's filming in HD. There are no purple lines when I am taking still photos (even if you see it on the viewfinder) so you just have to be extra careful about pointing the camera toward the sun if the sun is fairly low in the sky. I'll update this review as I have more feedback. ====== Update to review on 4/15: I still like the camera, the HD video quality is AMAZING, but as a pixel peeper, indoor shots tend to be REALLY noisy. Now maybe I shouldn't be zooming that far in on a 12 megapixel image shot indoors, but it is something I want to warn people about. I'm going to try printing one of the noisy shots to see what it looks like when compressed down into a 4x6 size. I also find some of the shots blurrier than I'd like. Like the other reviewer, this was a move from an sd550, and maybe that is just the greatest pocket camera ever, because both of us are a little disappointed with the quality when you compare the two. If the video wasn't so much better, I may have exchanged this one. As of this moment, I'm at about a 3.5. Will be taking it on vacation next week. More feedback to come.	Immediate gratification is the pulse of today, and the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH with its streamlined appeal wastes no time at reminding you. "Here's a camera unlike any other." But it's the excitement of ongoing discovery - the way this camera captures the vibrant spontaneity of the world before you - that defines the lasting rewards of the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH, and the new level of pictures and HD movies that await you.
20783	Amazing and yet so small - Pro photographer loves it	I've been a pro photographer and studio owner for 30 years. [...]. This is the most incredible thing I've ever used. I had their previous (.jpg only) version and it was a novelty. Tried it - and it worked, but not really ready for pro's. It needed raw support. The new PRO card (this one) supports RAW and movies. My shots are uploaded to my computer as I shoot them in my studio. My Canon 1D MKII raw files are about 6.5mb and each one transfers to the computer through the air in 10 seconds. When I shoot outdoors behind the studio, I do my session shots and when I come in range of the router (network) the outdoor files are then uploaded as well. Amazing that it fits all this network support in a SD card. Company is great for addressing/resolving support problems. This item has now been around a while and appears most all the bugs are out. I'm thrilled. Ron - [...].	4GB BrandXYZ Pro wireless SDHC memory card. Get it all and streamline your workflow. Wirelessly upload JPEG, RAW and video directly to your laptop no router required. Select which items to upload in camera, and post them on any of over 25 online sites. Geotagging and hotspot access included.
19050	Awesome wide screen hd camera camcorder.	I've owned Casio 750, Kodak v570 23mm, Panasonic Z3 28mm, Samsung 24hd 24mm, Kodak v1253 hd, Vado hd, Canon sd1100. All are great cameras with pluses, but still searching for a camera that takes excellent photos for a pocket size camera, decent wide angle lens, and takes excellent hd video. Pros: This thing is pretty good. Excellent photos, great video hd recording, and wide angle lens is actually almost as wide as competitors. Video recording is as good as Kodak v1253 with very good low light recording. The frame rate and stabilizing is actually much better than competitors. Cons: Does not optically zoom when video recording, not stereo recording like v1253, screen size not as big as v1253. Battery is at 760 mAh versus Casio's 1300 mAh batteries. Samsung's OLED screen does provide better contrast than 960is. Video HD recording is at 40 min at 8GB versus competitors 1.5 to 2 hour at 8GB. All the cons are not exactly that important when image quality is very good so I can out weigh the quality for the cons. In regards to previous cameras: Casio 750 : great photo quality but start up time is slow, Kodak v570 23mm : excellent wide angle, cool video stitching but photoQuality is horrible: badworkmanship, Panasonic Z3 28mm : good camera but a little too bulky, great 10x zoom, Samsung 24hd 24mm : good oled screen, good hd video stitching but poor picture quality, Kodak v1253 hd : good photos, good video, 37mm lens not wide, glitchy camera software, Vado hd : 29-30mm equivalent lens, good video, bad low light, good default 8GB, Canon sd1100 : good photo quality.	Immediate gratification is the pulse of today, and the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH with its streamlined appeal wastes no time at reminding you. "Here's a camera unlike any other." But it's the excitement of ongoing discovery - the way this camera captures the vibrant spontaneity of the world before you - that defines the lasting rewards of the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH, and the new level of pictures and HD movies that await you.
19062	Great Camera!	I was looking for a camera for my trip to Germany in the spring. I wanted something that took great clear photos and this is it. The macro works so well! Most cameras tend to create blurry pictures when taking a macro shot. This is clear & has excellent quality. I've used the kid & pet shot the most since I've bought it & the picture turn out as well as they do on my mother's camera (after hours of tedious editing on my computer that is). For some one that likes to have different settings and options for a camera, this one is great. I was originally thinking about the Powershot SD1200IS, but the lack of options for taking pictures made me a little worried. I've read a lot of reviews saying that the photos can become grainy, but I haven't run into this problem in any setting. It will also take vivid pictures in pitch black dark with out the picture becoming grainy like I've seen other cameras do. Another great thing I've noticed is the lack of "laser kitty" shots with this camera. I've only had one or two turn out that way compared to my mother's camera where every shot turned out that way. I do suggest that who ever buys this tests out all the settings before using it to take pictures of something special. I am so very pleased with this camera. I can't wait to use the panorama setting on my trip! I'd recommend this camera to anyone.	Immediate gratification is the pulse of today, and the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH with its streamlined appeal wastes no time at reminding you. "Here's a camera unlike any other." But it's the excitement of ongoing discovery - the way this camera captures the vibrant spontaneity of the world before you - that defines the lasting rewards of the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH, and the new level of pictures and HD movies that await you.
19064	New Camera - Same great stuff	I upgraded from a SD1000 to this. Yes it was an upgrade...LOL. I drop tested my 1000. This camera is GREAT. HDMI feature works wonderfully. Everything works as advertised. I thought this was not supposed to zoom while taping video but it does. BONUS!	Immediate gratification is the pulse of today, and the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH with its streamlined appeal wastes no time at reminding you. "Here's a camera unlike any other." But it's the excitement of ongoing discovery - the way this camera captures the vibrant spontaneity of the world before you - that defines the lasting rewards of the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH, and the new level of pictures and HD movies that await you.
19079	Great Little Camera	I like it. It's small, takes nice pictures, works well. The whole "shake to advance photo viewing" feature is fun to play with at first, but mostly useless in the long run. The camera is incredibly simple to use. It's not for someone who wants to play with camera settings, but for a point'n'shoot its great.	Immediate gratification is the pulse of today, and the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH with its streamlined appeal wastes no time at reminding you. "Here's a camera unlike any other." But it's the excitement of ongoing discovery - the way this camera captures the vibrant spontaneity of the world before you - that defines the lasting rewards of the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH, and the new level of pictures and HD movies that await you.
19082	Exchanged an SD880IS for this camera	This is a pretty nice camera, I had bought an SD880IS right before this camera came out. It seemed like it had all the same features + HD video and 16:9 still shots. The 16:9 still shots are nice because you can make your HD TV into a huge photo frame by playing these shots. The only reason I gave it 4 stars rather then 5 is because it did not come with the mini hdmi cable.	Immediate gratification is the pulse of today, and the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH with its streamlined appeal wastes no time at reminding you. "Here's a camera unlike any other." But it's the excitement of ongoing discovery - the way this camera captures the vibrant spontaneity of the world before you - that defines the lasting rewards of the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH, and the new level of pictures and HD movies that await you.
19086	Got what I expected from SD960IS	Great pictures as I expected going from 4mp to 12mp. Confusing to learn all the buttons, expecially for reviewing pictures. Video is ok, but not great. Love the wide screen and clarity of pictures, so I rated the camera well. Could have probably bought something cheaper since I won't use the video portion much.	Immediate gratification is the pulse of today, and the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH with its streamlined appeal wastes no time at reminding you. "Here's a camera unlike any other." But it's the excitement of ongoing discovery - the way this camera captures the vibrant spontaneity of the world before you - that defines the lasting rewards of the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH, and the new level of pictures and HD movies that await you.
19090	Good buy!!	This is my second Powershot!! love it!! easy to use, lots of features, takes really beautiful pictures.	Immediate gratification is the pulse of today, and the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH with its streamlined appeal wastes no time at reminding you. "Here's a camera unlike any other." But it's the excitement of ongoing discovery - the way this camera captures the vibrant spontaneity of the world before you - that defines the lasting rewards of the PowerShot SD960 IS Digital ELPH, and the new level of pictures and HD movies that await you.
19103	great buy, better than its predecessor	It has vga out but no svideo or hdmi out, other than that its great. I've had this about one month now and so far not one issue. Compared to the last Compaq I bought this thing is way better. It seems that Compaq has learned about it pervious errors in making "introductory" laptops and corrected their mistakes. It has better quality parts than what compaq was using four years ago in its presario laptops. For example, the keyboard has keys that actually come off and go back on easily; and the machine is much more modular so taking user serviceable parts out and replacing them is easy (again keyboard is a good example, it requires only removing the battery and three screws which are aptly labled with a litte picture of a keyboard). It seems like more thought went into this product than previous presarios. Its 4GB and dual core processor make running vista a reality. Putting vista64bit on it gives me a leg up because I actually have some 64bit apps to run on it, the most aggressive being the Oracle database. Screen is nice, keyboard is nice, touchpad works well, cdrom responds quickly when given a disc, the 8200m geforce video means I can actually run all but the most recent of games which is one of my requirements, 250gb disk lets me load lots of those games, and store lots of data in my database. Again about the only thing I am sorry about is that it has no HDMI port and so I cannot hook up a hdmi monitor as a second monitor. It does have a vga out port so I can hook up a monitor that accepts vga input. For the price I paid there is no way I will find anything better. Shop around, the price on this varies considerably, especially if you can find a special at a chain store. At the price I paid, I wish I could get another three for the family, but they sold out in one day all across my state. In my mind unless a person is a major gamer who has to play the most recent games, or has some special need, this laptop is more power than you can want. It will do all the basics great (internet, office toolset, email, even run a large database how bout that). Lastly, sevice is good. My daughter's cat peed on the keyboard and shorted out a couple of keys. It took 40 minutes, but HP agreed to ship me a new keyboard for 70$ which I replaced easily rather than having to send it in for repair which would cost a minimum of 200$. Here is a recap: 1) dual cpu and 4gb make vista runnable and snappy 2) 8200m geforce video makes gaming possible for most gamers 3) inexpensive, but not junk, parts feel like quality 4) screen is nice sized with good picture at its highest resolution 5) 250gb disk gives plenty of space 5) has no problems like prior presarios (no overheating, no lost keys, no slow cpu, no dead pixels) 6) HP service came through for me and let me save 130$ ** only negative is it that though it has a vga out port, it lacks a hdmi out port Hail Flavius!	
19104	SLOW with repair parts	I bought this and it works fine. However, 6 months in, the adapter/charger stopped working. Called Customer Service. Said they would send a new one. Ten days later it is a no show. I call again, it is on back order. Ten Days! this is ridiculous. My daughter has a Dell, called on a Friday, it was in my mail box Monday. Same issue. Different result. who knew I would be here touting Dell! Slow Slow Slow with parts. What good is my laptop without the charger??	
19105	powerful little laptop	This is my first laptop purchase. I found it to be a real workhorse for power in a small package. The only drawback is the battery lasts only 90 minutes.	
19106	wait for it........	Like most men, I love shopping....electronics shopping dummy. This computer I bought new for $400 on Feb. 15th 2009. Compared to my almost two year old HP desktop with 32 bit Vista, this seems flawless. This laptop does not come with a lot of periferal connectivity (but its a laptop), you can't expand the ram (but it already has 4 Gigs) and only has a so-so graphics card (like all packaged HPs) but who cares? I couldn't be happier. Lots of bang for the buck and 64 bit OS, yes sir.	
19129	PS3 Upgrade	As someone before me has stated, it's possible to use this as a PS3 upgrade. And that's sure what I did. I do, unlike previous reviewer, use it for a movie collection. And BOY, it doesn't disappoint. With as much information stored on there, and all the space used up, it would seem like the PS3 or the hard drive would slow down, but I can assure everyone it runs at the same exact speed, and takes the same amount of time, as my 80 gb (factory installed) hard drive took to run. It works for all my uses. Since this is more of a review over the hard drive I will stick with that. Currently been using for over a few months, and it hasn't had one single error thrown out of it, or one problem. Perhaps it's the reason I'm using it for that has left this working well, since I can't give expert advice on how it would react on a laptop or desktop. But it works fine. Worth definitely the look into if it fits your needs, as I'm happy with it.	WD Scorpio Blue 2.5-inch drives offer high-performance, low power consumption and cool operation, making them ideal for notebooks and other portable devices.
20450	Pretty nice.	So far so good. Been using it for about 3 days now. Very good color and prints fast with the WiFi. Good color for the photo print that I did. Copy was excellent , but the scan images were not as good as my Canon scanner. Was easy to hook and and set up the WiFi.	Be smart and simplify your life with the BrandXYZ Stylus NX515 all-in-one with built-in Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking. Share one printer to print, scan or access memory card slots1 from anywhere in your home - all without wires. The NX515 prints up to 2x faster than competitively priced models2, with maximum print speeds of 36 ppm black/color and laser quality speeds of 15 ppm black and 9.3 ppm color?. With the NX515, you get remarkable results every time. Print outstanding documents and amazing...
20451	Epson wireless printer is great!	I have had several other wireless printers and they were not always connected to the wireless network without tinkering (turning on/off, etc.) ... the Epson Stylus was easy to set up and is also immediately available on the network. Quality of copies of great and so far ink is managed well. Great price and great product!	Be smart and simplify your life with the BrandXYZ Stylus NX515 all-in-one with built-in Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking. Share one printer to print, scan or access memory card slots1 from anywhere in your home - all without wires. The NX515 prints up to 2x faster than competitively priced models2, with maximum print speeds of 36 ppm black/color and laser quality speeds of 15 ppm black and 9.3 ppm color?. With the NX515, you get remarkable results every time. Print outstanding documents and amazing...
19130	Perfect for a PS3, laptop upgrade	QUICK EVALUATION: The Western Digital 500GB 2.5" SATA II is a quiet, fast, easy to install, drive. Based on my experience with WD (I own several), the Scorpios are reliable drives. The 2.5" SATAs easily and perfectly mount inside the PS3's drive bay where they can replace PS3's original 20-40-60-80-160 GB drive without voiding Sony's warranty. ______________________________________ PS3 Upgrade: I have replaced my original PS3 drive with a 320 GB WD quite a while ago but, over the last weekend, I helped a friend of mine upgrade his PS3's with this one. He decided to pick this model and, since I had a great experience with the 320GB version, I encouraged him to go WD. My friend believes that the 500GB is at the peak of price/performance curve at this time. Like me, he has no plans of storing a movie library on the PS3 so he expects for the 500 GB to be sufficient for the life of his console. After that, it's likely that he'll be buying the next generation game/multimedia machine. The 320 GB model that I used some time ago is still available but the 500 GB is only $30 more so it makes a lot of sense to spend a little more and enjoy the extra storage. Advice to the PS3 upgraders from someone who, after some hesitation, actually did it and then did it again a few more times for friends and family since: - If you need to format this drive or any drive to FAT32 - and you need a FAT32 partition for the PS3 backup - the best utility I found was FAT32FORMAT.EXE - Google it and you shall find it out there. I'm not reviewing the formatter utility but I can tell you that it does a drive in less than 10 seconds AND it works on Vista too. - It helps to have a USB-connected drive handy to back up your PS3 content before upgrading. With one of these as the backup device, the PS3 fully restores EVERYTHING, including whatever copywrited or protected objects, such as, in my case the PS2 memory cards emulations and all the game saves. I will not go into upgrade details because there are lots of guides on the Net including great Youtube videos on how to do it but, if anyone has any questions, do leave a note and I shall reply as soon as I get to read it. To conclude, the upgrade proceeded without any glitches and my friend has now a perfectly working console where storage won't be an issue for some time to come. PS3 performance appears to the same, which is how it should be. I haven't heard back from my friend in 8 days now so, my assumption is that all is working well and he's busy enjoying his upgraded PS3. ______________________________________ Laptop Upgrade: My 2 year old Thinkpad T60 came with a wimpy 60GB SATA drive. I needed the ability to upgrade to the much larger 500GB and do it without having to reinstall the OS, apply the service packs and then reinstall and configure 100 different little apps. allowed me to do all of the above in about one hour. Its Utilities section has a 'clone' option that would copy EVERYTHING, including the Master Boot Record/Sector (MBR) from the puny 60GB drive unto the 500GB while allowing me to control the size of the active partition - this while the 500GB was connected through a USB wire and the laptop booted off the program's CD. Once the operation completed (50 minutes) I simply removed the old 60GB drive off my laptop and replaced it with the 500GB drive. Once the laptop was turned back on it booted up happily, with a 200GB master partition and a 300GB second partition. There are 3 words that I have to use to describe the process: PERFECTION and COMPLETE SATISFACTION. This capability alone is worth the price of this product. To my surprise, with the new drive, the Primary Hard Disk score as computed by Microsoft (right click on 'My computer' then select 'Properties') jumped from a decent 4.8 to an unexpected 5.7.	WD Scorpio Blue 2.5-inch drives offer high-performance, low power consumption and cool operation, making them ideal for notebooks and other portable devices.
19132	Fast Bridge Modem	Fast modem. Easy setup. Works well with AT&T/BellSouth. I bought this to replace a dead Moto 2210 received from AT&T (it was the classic Moto 2210, in that it died just a few weeks after the warranty expired). This Zoom is faster than the Moto 2210, and way faster than the old Westell that BellSouth shipped me a few years ago. The Westell was averaging 616 kbs, but this Zoom averages just under 800 kbs on the same line. Zoom is right. I saw several web posts that said use VPI/VCI of 8/35 for BellSouth/AT&T, so I did, but I am not sure this was necessary. The Zoom instructions suggest setting the VPI/VCI only if you are using a static IP, which I am not. In any case, it works great. It does not have a built-in router, but that is by design. If you have your own router, this is actually better, because the setup is easier. But you do have to follow the instructions to access the modem from your web browser, because the modem does not support DHCP. Just manually set your ftp to use IP address of 10.0.0.4, and then you can acess the modem at IP 10.0.0.2.	The BrandXYZ Bridge Modem is an ADSL 2/2+ modem with an Ethernet interface to a computer or a router. The Model 5615 provides a very stable system installation with a simplified set of configuration options to ensure problem free operation. The Bridge Modem works with any operating system which supports an Internet browser. The BrandXYZ Bridge Modem automatically detects the ADSL network settings.
19133	Fast and trouble free	Easy to configure. Been working flawlessly for just over a year now (was on Verizon, now Fairpoint). Works fine with my Linksys WRT54GL (Running DD WRT 24, SP1).	The BrandXYZ Bridge Modem is an ADSL 2/2+ modem with an Ethernet interface to a computer or a router. The Model 5615 provides a very stable system installation with a simplified set of configuration options to ensure problem free operation. The Bridge Modem works with any operating system which supports an Internet browser. The BrandXYZ Bridge Modem automatically detects the ADSL network settings.
19134	A Better Modem..	Zoom works with iMac. iMac documentation is on the disk. Zoom's Support is immediate and effective. Yes, I did call for assistance to setup the connection. Zoom allows tweaking: 1. You may use a Password to start it, or not, by System Preferences to Network. 2. The connection may be always open. 3. Zoom may be ticked to maintain Connection every 30 minutes. 4. Zoom will lie flat on the desk. Zoom has excellent eye appeal. Zoom has the perfect product at substantial savings.	The BrandXYZ Bridge Modem is an ADSL 2/2+ modem with an Ethernet interface to a computer or a router. The Model 5615 provides a very stable system installation with a simplified set of configuration options to ensure problem free operation. The Bridge Modem works with any operating system which supports an Internet browser. The BrandXYZ Bridge Modem automatically detects the ADSL network settings.
19145	A work of art	Accell speaker wire is a great wire at a really good price. As soon as I opened the shipping package, I was impressed. The clear insulation is ample. The wire itself is made up of many fine strands that are woven into bigger strands, which in turn are woven to create the final 16-gauge wire. Be assured that this is not inferior wire--something originally meant to be used as lamp cord--relabeled to take advantage of the booming home theater business. It was obviously manufactured to be high-quality speaker wire (at a reasonable price). Before buying any speaker wire in bulk here at Amazon, check the weight (always given on the product page, just above the shipping weight). This wire outweighs other so-called "16 Gauge Wire" by nearly two to one, being reminiscent of Monster Cable speaker wire that costs a lot more. Several vendors sell this wire here on Amazon at a variety of prices. You should pay less than $.20 a foot, including shipping. The best price I've seen so far here at Amazon is about $.16 per foot, including shipping (when bought in a 250 foot roll). I am currently rewiring two home theater systems (one 5.1 and one 7.1) using only Accell wire. I feel it's quite unlikely that I would find a better 16-gauge wire even at twice the price (I've looked). Remember that high-quality cords and cables are important to bring out the best in your audio/video system; but never, NEVER, judge quality by price. Consider, too, that ordinary lamp cord of sufficient gauge will give you probably at least 97% of what your system has to offer. You can obtain maybe another 1% by shopping wisely for better wire. Or you can spend a fortune (and a lifetime) trying to find the Holy Grail of that extra 2 or 3 percent. Here's the deal: No matter how good your amplifier, speakers and cables may be, they will never sound any better than your source material. If you plug an old gramophone into a million-dollar sound reproduction system, you will still be hearing only the capabilities of the gramophone. You might be able to play it really loud, but the sound will never approach high-fidelity because the recording itself is not even close to being high-fidelity. The sad truth is that even CDs produce pretty crappy sound. We have finally entered an era where we can reproduce music nearly as it was recorded, using blu-ray players and discs that can regenerate and transfer lossless sound. If you're looking for the best sound your money can buy, you'll be better off spending your $$$ for a good blu-ray player and buying (or renting) the highest quality discs, both video and audio. Play your music through a modest amplifier with nice speakers and you'll be happy from the start. You can always upgrade your system later with a more powerful amp and better speakers; but, even then, this is the only speaker wire you will ever need. *edit* I have installed and used this wire now. Working with it is a pleasure. It strips easily and is flexible. It doesn't kink; and it sounds great. The wire, once stripped, behaves well (doesn't fray or spread), so that tinning is not necessary. It crimps nicely, too, if you're using banana or pin terminals. The only caveat I have: It is REALLY difficult to distinguish the hot from the cold. You have to have good eyes and good light to see the ACCELL information printed (in white) on the hot side of the wire. Still, I would not allow that to deter me from buying this wire again.	The BrandXYZ UltraAudio Speaker Cable is ideal for providing a pure audio signal for accurate, natural sound quality. Now more than ever, your sound quality depends on the cable that carries the signal. The UltraAudio speaker cable features a specially wound, high-purity 99.99% pure copper conductor to transfer the audio signals more efficiently. This construction provides extremely low signal loss and a smooth, tight audio signal.BrandXYZ cables are designed to eliminate signal degradation and ...
20471	Epson wireless printers	I have had the Epson NX510 printer for one month and already had to replace the black ink cartridge. No free shipping for direct orders unless you order large quantity. IT WILL NOT SCAN!! Have contacted their online help, plus Microsoft, geek squad and their fixes don't work. it appears to be a software problem. The only place I can put it is on top shelf of my desk which means I have to get on a stepstool half the time I use it to be able to see the buttons. Had I known all this before I ordered it, I would have gotten an HP.	Be smart and simplify your life with the BrandXYZ Stylus NX515 all-in-one with built-in Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking. Share one printer to print, scan or access memory card slots1 from anywhere in your home - all without wires. The NX515 prints up to 2x faster than competitively priced models2, with maximum print speeds of 36 ppm black/color and laser quality speeds of 15 ppm black and 9.3 ppm color?. With the NX515, you get remarkable results every time. Print outstanding documents and amazing...
20472	Great Printer, Good Service	An excellent printer. Wi-Fi works perfectly. Terrible paper holder (should be a tray). Jams a lot. But quality of printer and ease of use are first-rate.	Be smart and simplify your life with the BrandXYZ Stylus NX515 all-in-one with built-in Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking. Share one printer to print, scan or access memory card slots1 from anywhere in your home - all without wires. The NX515 prints up to 2x faster than competitively priced models2, with maximum print speeds of 36 ppm black/color and laser quality speeds of 15 ppm black and 9.3 ppm color?. With the NX515, you get remarkable results every time. Print outstanding documents and amazing...
20477	Epson Stylus NX515	I found set-up to be quite easy. I bought this printer in Oct.2009, so far, no problems. Printing is great, a bit noisy though, but a minor thing.	Be smart and simplify your life with the BrandXYZ Stylus NX515 all-in-one with built-in Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking. Share one printer to print, scan or access memory card slots1 from anywhere in your home - all without wires. The NX515 prints up to 2x faster than competitively priced models2, with maximum print speeds of 36 ppm black/color and laser quality speeds of 15 ppm black and 9.3 ppm color?. With the NX515, you get remarkable results every time. Print outstanding documents and amazing...
19146	NAD 326bee - Integrated Amp - Few Complaints	speakers - mid 1990's B&W CDM2 bookshelf; sources: Ipod Touch; Denon DVD-3800 player; Samsung HD T.V. Wonderful integrated amp so far. This amp replaces a Denon AVR-3803 7.1 receiver, which only lasted a little over four years until the unit decided not to work anymore. Complaints: runs volcano hot - so don't plan on putting anything on top of the amp; can't tell the position of the volume dial because the dial is not back-lit, nor are there any markings on the bezel around the volume dial; stupid naming convention for NAD models. Kudos: powerful enough to drive my 2.1 system; amazing clean sound; clean, simple look on the front of the chassis; line level input for a digital media player source, such as an mp3 player. I am not an audiophile snob, but I do like to get quality gear without spending a fortune. I think the NAD integrated amp fits the bill. Paid ~$500 at local store. There probably are better integrated amps out there than the NAD 326bee, but I think the dollar amount would start at ~ $800. I do not see a reason to not get the NAD 326beee, unless the desire is to fill a stadium-sized room. Now go listen to some good 'ol fashioned 2 channel goodness! update on 11/01/2009 let's hope the following is a fluke and not indicative of NAD quality. The unit is in the shop after ~90 days of use because of popping out of one channel, regardless of source selection. Took the unit to my B&M shop where i bought it, where the shop said that it was getting "fixed." This may be the first/last piece of NAD equipment, depending on the outcome of the correction to the problem. update on 12/10/2009 The local B&M shop was smart and kind enough to get a new unit from NAD, rather than waiting for the 3+ weeks I was out while waiting on back ordered parts to fix the unit. I still thoroughly enjoy the amp, and still think it's an impressive amp to upgrade a two-channel music system. My original commments about the unit running hot - that should be a clue that there's something wrong with the unit. The replacement runs warm, but not as hot as the original unit did. I've been with the replacement unit for about three weeks, and all seems to working as it should.	Affordable High-End is Alive and Well The BrandXYZ C320 series of amplifiers have always punched far above their modest weight. Combining the highest levels of audio engineering with an extensive feature list, and more than adequate power for all but the most ambitious systems, the C326BEE keeps the concept of affordable high-end alive and well. With the very high dynamic power and low impedance drive capability of BrandXYZ's proprietary PowerDrive circuit, the C326BEE is able to accurately cont...
19147	This amp woke my system UP.	I bought this amp on the advice of a trusted shop in my area. My situation was that I was looking to replace the Yamaha RX-V750 that I was using in my newly started listening room. Mated to a Pioneer Elite 47Ai Universal Player and B&W 685 monitors (and ASW650 sub), I felt that there was plenty of room for improvement in the system but wasn't 100% sure which way to turn or which component I should focus $500 on. The advice was to try this amp out with the assurance that I could return it if I wasn't impressed. I'm not through the break-in period and I'm 100% thrilled with the difference this NAD stereo receiver has made in the sound of my 2 channel setup. My B&W 685's sound 100% better with this receiver than they did with the Yamaha (even in its respective "Pure Direct" mode) - and I was still quite pleased with the way the Yamaha sounded. I was really skeptical about how much improvement I might really notice swapping receivers, thinking that the Yamaha might actually just have more than what I needed and it's 2-channel capabilities might be just fine. But really the straight-forward design, high-current NAD design is EXACTLY what my ears were looking for. I can't be happier. Overall, the full spectrum of sound sounds more robust, the highs are more clear, and without a doubt the lows are punchier. Everything seems far more clear. My biggest surprise is how much better SACD's sound with this receiver. This has been an eye-opening switch.	Affordable High-End is Alive and Well The BrandXYZ C320 series of amplifiers have always punched far above their modest weight. Combining the highest levels of audio engineering with an extensive feature list, and more than adequate power for all but the most ambitious systems, the C326BEE keeps the concept of affordable high-end alive and well. With the very high dynamic power and low impedance drive capability of BrandXYZ's proprietary PowerDrive circuit, the C326BEE is able to accurately cont...
19151	Great frame.. great cost!	I just recently purchased this frame for my husband. I received it on his Birthday so it didn't give me much time to figure out how to use it before I gave it to him. I placed all of the pictures I wanted on the frame in a folder on my computer's desktop for easy access. I tried several times to transfer the pictures to the frame and failed. I used a flash drive and I also used the included cord and hooked it to my computer. None of it worked. I later realized that I had to hook up whichever media I wished to use BEFORE turning on the frame. Once I figured that out it was a breeze to use. I agree with the other poster that the manual that comes along with the frame includes lots of information but is a little hard to follow and doesn't give a great step by step instructional on how to get your pictures onto the frame. It takes a little trial and error. I give it 4 stars mainly for the difficulty in set up, but everything else is great. The picture quality is amazing and I love all of the options you have with this frame. It seems to be a really great frame and the cost is perfect. The size is nice and it is a very attractive frame too. I had never heard of Coby before, but I will now recommend this frame to anyone!	BrandXYZ DP850-1G 8.4-inch digital photo frame with MP3 player, 8.4-inch TFT LCD color display, 1G internal flash memory lets you store your favorite photos directly on the frame, displays JPEG image files, calendar and clock with alarm timer, plays MP3 and WMA music files, plays MPEG4, H.264, motion JPEG video files, photo slideshow mode with music, SD,MMC,MS,xD, and CFcard slots, full-size USB port for use with flash memory drives, includes Vividshare PC software for creating custom multimedia...
19152	AUTOnline Fails Again!	Although I had read the reviewers comments about sending two orders to AUTOnline only to have them suddenly canceled, I decided to tempt fate and see if this wasn't just a fluke. I guess this is why we have reviewers and ratings. I should have listened to the reviewer and the questionable ratings AUTOnline has acquired. I placed an order the second week in December. I received a confirmation that all was a go. A couple of days later, I receive a sudden email from AUTOnline that my order had been canceled due to "a massive rush of orders prior to your order and sold out". OK, so why confirm? Why still have the item on the website? This supplier lives on the cutting edge with little inventory and poor record keeping. Buyer beware! If you need it now, you may not get it now! Ken	BrandXYZ DP850-1G 8.4-inch digital photo frame with MP3 player, 8.4-inch TFT LCD color display, 1G internal flash memory lets you store your favorite photos directly on the frame, displays JPEG image files, calendar and clock with alarm timer, plays MP3 and WMA music files, plays MPEG4, H.264, motion JPEG video files, photo slideshow mode with music, SD,MMC,MS,xD, and CFcard slots, full-size USB port for use with flash memory drives, includes Vividshare PC software for creating custom multimedia...
19153	POOR SERVICE !!!	Amazon said that this item was available from ANTOnline for $61.73 and I ordered two of them on the 1st of May. I get a cancellation email on the "8th May" saying that the item was not in stock. This was supposed to be a gift for someone and I am leaving the country today...I didn't expect this from Amazon, don't care about ANTOnline, will have nothing to do with them in the future. There should be an effort to expedite this response from the seller and even before that..make sure that we are not mislead into thinking that the product is available and planning to buy it while it is really not...not happy at all..my first bad bump with Amazon !!!	BrandXYZ DP850-1G 8.4-inch digital photo frame with MP3 player, 8.4-inch TFT LCD color display, 1G internal flash memory lets you store your favorite photos directly on the frame, displays JPEG image files, calendar and clock with alarm timer, plays MP3 and WMA music files, plays MPEG4, H.264, motion JPEG video files, photo slideshow mode with music, SD,MMC,MS,xD, and CFcard slots, full-size USB port for use with flash memory drives, includes Vividshare PC software for creating custom multimedia...
19156	Stretched Image?	Have owned this for a couple weeks. All formats appear stretched. Even shows that were originally for tv are stretched into a widescreen format. Have played around with all possible settings with no way to fix this. All other portables up to now seemed to have a "wide" button right on the console. RCA official website was no help. Will return item to walmart where I got it.	
19157	Great DVD player for the road!	Just purchased this for daughter's birthday. She will be 3 years old this month and needs some entertainment (Barney, Dora, etc. . . ) while we are in the car going out of town. It works great--picture is clear and volume is crisp. Great for the value--$99. It comes with a remote, ac adaptor, and car charger. I had to purchase the travel case separately. I didn't purchase the headphones b/c she is so young. No regrets here at all:-)	
19158	Not impressed	This was very noisy. It had a very loud humming in the background. And the remote doesn't control the volume (maybe the box said that, but I didn't see it). I think there are much better options at lower prices. The visual was a little blurred.	
19161	Good speaker set but does NOT have AM/FM radio as advertised	I received my iLive speaker system today. The audio quality is very good, and it does work with and charge my iPhone as advertised. HOWEVER, be aware that it does NOT have an AM/FM radio (as advertised in the Product Overview). You can only wake to an iPod/iPhone or a buzzer alarm. I hope that Amazon will clarify this in the Overview from now on. It was a disappointment to me since I often wake to radio... but as a good-quality speaker set and an iPhone charger it will be useful.	Amazon.com Product Description Upstairs or down, iPhone or iPod--the flexibility of this unit will meet your music, communication, and charging needs. Plug it into your AC outlet, or use 6 AA batteries to make it fully portable. The digital clock comes with an adjustable sleep timer, and lets you wake up to either iPod music or--for you heavier sleepers--a buzzer. You can even set it to Gradual Wake mode, so you're not wrenched out of those ZZZs. A functional and flexible alarm clock, radio, and...
19162	Perfect little ipod docking station	This product was exactly was i was looking for: An ipod docking station that would my music while charging, it has an alarm feature and can be played outside on 4 AA batteries. Granted it doesn't have an AM/FM radio, but if you read the user reviews beforehand you'll already know that, and that wasn't too important to me anyway. As for volume, i haven't tried it outside yet, but i went to level 30 on the volume inside and my mom who was downstairs told me to turn it down. I have the ipod touch 2g and it charges and plays it just fine. The only thing is that you cant dock the ipod 2g on the docking station with a protective case on it. That's all right though because im most likely going to get an invisheild for it so i can protect it and be able to dock it on the station. The remote works fine and is very easy to figure out and the station is the same way. It has dual alarms so you and your roomate/sibling can also set an alarm along with you. To me it looks like the battery to the remote is the same battery as in a wristwatch so if it dies you can easily buy another one. I haven't tried the range of the remote yet but it works in my room from about 10-15 feet. When using the station outside on battery power, it will not charge your ipod unless its plugged in, which makes sense because it would drain the battery in 10 min if it charged on battery powered. It has a snooze button in case your like me and dont like waking up on time. You can operate the ipod by the remote, the docking station, or the ipod itself. Overall, i think that this product is just what i was looking for at the price i was looking for, and dont judge this product by the other reviews because most of them gave low ratings because there is no AM/FM radio and didnt rate the product itself. Hope this helped and if you have questions or doubts just comment or email me with them.	Amazon.com Product Description Upstairs or down, iPhone or iPod--the flexibility of this unit will meet your music, communication, and charging needs. Plug it into your AC outlet, or use 6 AA batteries to make it fully portable. The digital clock comes with an adjustable sleep timer, and lets you wake up to either iPod music or--for you heavier sleepers--a buzzer. You can even set it to Gradual Wake mode, so you're not wrenched out of those ZZZs. A functional and flexible alarm clock, radio, and...
19165	Decent system, but no radio!	For what it *actually* does, this system is good. The display isn't too bright, sound quality is good and it's easy to use. But it doesn't have a radio, as others have mentioned. It's definitely not worth the price without the radio. Amazon needs to fix this, but in the meantime, I'll be returning this for a cheaper model (WITH a radio!).	Amazon.com Product Description Upstairs or down, iPhone or iPod--the flexibility of this unit will meet your music, communication, and charging needs. Plug it into your AC outlet, or use 6 AA batteries to make it fully portable. The digital clock comes with an adjustable sleep timer, and lets you wake up to either iPod music or--for you heavier sleepers--a buzzer. You can even set it to Gradual Wake mode, so you're not wrenched out of those ZZZs. A functional and flexible alarm clock, radio, and...
19166	does its job	This can be plugged or unplugged with the iPod/iPhone playing. its truly not a bad system. a bit complicated to understand but after getting it its really a good system.	Amazon.com Product Description Upstairs or down, iPhone or iPod--the flexibility of this unit will meet your music, communication, and charging needs. Plug it into your AC outlet, or use 6 AA batteries to make it fully portable. The digital clock comes with an adjustable sleep timer, and lets you wake up to either iPod music or--for you heavier sleepers--a buzzer. You can even set it to Gradual Wake mode, so you're not wrenched out of those ZZZs. A functional and flexible alarm clock, radio, and...
19167	A GREAT LITTLE SPEAKER SYSTEM	I purchased this just for the speaker system...wanted it for office...but haven't been able to part with it at home! Great sound for the money. Some people complained that it wasn't a radio or a clock radio...no problem. It get Sirrius as an iPhone app - and my iphone can act as an alarm... So for me a great value.	Amazon.com Product Description Upstairs or down, iPhone or iPod--the flexibility of this unit will meet your music, communication, and charging needs. Plug it into your AC outlet, or use 6 AA batteries to make it fully portable. The digital clock comes with an adjustable sleep timer, and lets you wake up to either iPod music or--for you heavier sleepers--a buzzer. You can even set it to Gradual Wake mode, so you're not wrenched out of those ZZZs. A functional and flexible alarm clock, radio, and...
19168	Great Customer Service!	The product has great sound! More importantly, although I didn't receive my ILive product on the day it was expected, this company kept me informed with email and phone messages. They were so understanding of the extended period it took for me to receive this order that they even refunded me a portion of the cost of the product!	Amazon.com Product Description Upstairs or down, iPhone or iPod--the flexibility of this unit will meet your music, communication, and charging needs. Plug it into your AC outlet, or use 6 AA batteries to make it fully portable. The digital clock comes with an adjustable sleep timer, and lets you wake up to either iPod music or--for you heavier sleepers--a buzzer. You can even set it to Gradual Wake mode, so you're not wrenched out of those ZZZs. A functional and flexible alarm clock, radio, and...
19169	No AM/FM radio	As other reviewers have mentioned, this system does not have a radio (as the product description stated it did). I wish I had noticed those reviews before I purchased this system thinking that it included a radio. Aside from that, I am very happy with this system.	Amazon.com Product Description Upstairs or down, iPhone or iPod--the flexibility of this unit will meet your music, communication, and charging needs. Plug it into your AC outlet, or use 6 AA batteries to make it fully portable. The digital clock comes with an adjustable sleep timer, and lets you wake up to either iPod music or--for you heavier sleepers--a buzzer. You can even set it to Gradual Wake mode, so you're not wrenched out of those ZZZs. A functional and flexible alarm clock, radio, and...
19222	Great for the money	Great receiver for the money...tons of features...sound is good but I haven't been able to setup perfectly yet. Still trying to figure out if the GUI is stuck at 480i or whether it can output at 1080p. Connectivity is excellent. It will take a little time to figure out the features...or at least how to work all the features. I am thinking the sub pre-out is a little underpowered as at low volumes, the auto off on my paradigm sub gets triggered causing an audible pop. I still have to figure this one out though. In summary....I love the receiver for the price paid....	The VSX-1019AH-K represents the pinnacle of the BrandXYZ receiver line. This hub for your home entertainment center allows you to enjoy your favorite movies on Blu-ray disc, DVD or VHS on your flat-panel television like never before. With standard features that include a phenomenal ability to upscale and convert analog video signals to 1080p when transmitted through HDMI to your high definition television, the VSX-1019AH-K?s video scaler presents you with nothing but the best quality possible to...
19171	Works okay, BUT...	I bought this clock because I've had a heck of a time finding something affordable to work with my iPhone. This DID work with my iPhone, no problem. However, I'm also a heavy snooze user, and I found that if I had this phone set to iPod wake mode and hit snooze once, the next time the alarm went off it would be the buzzer. That defeated the whole purpose for me - I wanted to wake to music. The sound is good, the clock itself is lightweight and portable, and other than what I described above, this was a good value for the money. I just can't deal with waking to a buzzer.	Amazon.com Product Description Upstairs or down, iPhone or iPod--the flexibility of this unit will meet your music, communication, and charging needs. Plug it into your AC outlet, or use 6 AA batteries to make it fully portable. The digital clock comes with an adjustable sleep timer, and lets you wake up to either iPod music or--for you heavier sleepers--a buzzer. You can even set it to Gradual Wake mode, so you're not wrenched out of those ZZZs. A functional and flexible alarm clock, radio, and...
19174	Great sound - Poor remote	I received the iLive Speaker - sound is great, but the remote doesn't work. I have to call customer service to resolve this.	Amazon.com Product Description Upstairs or down, iPhone or iPod--the flexibility of this unit will meet your music, communication, and charging needs. Plug it into your AC outlet, or use 6 AA batteries to make it fully portable. The digital clock comes with an adjustable sleep timer, and lets you wake up to either iPod music or--for you heavier sleepers--a buzzer. You can even set it to Gradual Wake mode, so you're not wrenched out of those ZZZs. A functional and flexible alarm clock, radio, and...
19175	Pretty good product	Pretty good, though we haven't tried it as a portable speaker yet. The alarm is a little quirky, but otherwise, we are happy with it.	Amazon.com Product Description Upstairs or down, iPhone or iPod--the flexibility of this unit will meet your music, communication, and charging needs. Plug it into your AC outlet, or use 6 AA batteries to make it fully portable. The digital clock comes with an adjustable sleep timer, and lets you wake up to either iPod music or--for you heavier sleepers--a buzzer. You can even set it to Gradual Wake mode, so you're not wrenched out of those ZZZs. A functional and flexible alarm clock, radio, and...
20828	Good Pancace Lens	The 17mm f/2.8 lens for Micro FourThirds system is a classical focal length, approx 34mm. As a primary lens for the EP-1 it does excactly what it is supposed to do, provide a quick, easy to use lens, with good quality images. Updated to software 1.1 the autofocus speed and precision is improved, but even so the lens is a little slow to focus. Manual focus is easy, precise and gives very good results. Pros: lightweight, solid, good colours. Cons: not as sharp as te 14-42 mm zoom. Good primary lens for the EP-1.	The M.Zuiko Digital 17mm 1:2.8 pancake (35mm equivalent focal length: 34mm) lens is even smaller than the already compact pancake lens for four thirds bodies. This micro four thirds lens boasts the compactness to the limit. The circular aperture diaphragm with 5 blades enables natural and smooth defocusing. This wide-angle pancake lens with its ultra compact design is ideal for daily snapshots and as travel companion.
20829	Simple and compact Lens	This a Lens that provides ease of use , and is really quite good in terms of results ! I recently used it solely at Gettysburg , Pa , and I was rewarded with superior pictures ! Technical differences aside from other Reviewers , until Olympus produces a wider version , it is My Primary Lens ! With an adapter the Pen Body is another world of photographic opportunities !	The M.Zuiko Digital 17mm 1:2.8 pancake (35mm equivalent focal length: 34mm) lens is even smaller than the already compact pancake lens for four thirds bodies. This micro four thirds lens boasts the compactness to the limit. The circular aperture diaphragm with 5 blades enables natural and smooth defocusing. This wide-angle pancake lens with its ultra compact design is ideal for daily snapshots and as travel companion.
19180	love this camera	I went shopping for a digital camera and was willing to spend up to twice the price of this little Samsung, but I liked this one better than the others I looked at. I was replacing a Canon SD 750 that had been somewhat disappointing. I have a young child, and as any parent knows, this has a significant impact on one's priorities when purchasing a digital camera. I need a camera that can quickly record a shot of a moving target. With my older digital cameras, I have had problems with indoor shots - too much flash, not enough, or in the case of the Canon, inaccurate white balance. When I tried out different cameras at the store, this Samsung definitely was the quickest shot. I sampled it with the internal memory. The salesman told me that it would do even better with a high speed memory card, and this seems to be true. I've only had the camera for a few days, but I've taken about 100 pictures, both indoor and outdoor, and a few videos. I have used the "auto" setting almost exclusively. The lag time on this camera is far better than any I have ever owned and better than more expensive cameras that I tried at the store. I took pictures of both children and animals. I took multiple pictures in quick succession and was very happy with the speed. It was much better than the Canon SD750, which is a more expensive camera. The indoor pictures are very good. This has been a problem with digital cameras I have owned in the past - either too much flash, too little, or bad white balance. The indoor pictures I took with this camera were not perfect, but they were more than adequate. My 7-year-old took some indoor pictures with it, and those are quite nice, too. I took pictures of elephants at a zoo through a plexiglass wall in an indoor exhibit, and the images are crisp with perfect color. Outdoor pictures were fantastic with very realistic color. I like to use the zoom lens a lot, and I wish I could have purchased this camera with a longer optical zoom. The pictures I took with a fully extended zoom lens were generally very nice. A few of them were a bit blurry, but I imagine that this was the result of camera motion. My 7-year-old took a very close range picture of some crayons (about six inches away) and the image is in perfect focus with excellent color. Printed versions of the photos were also excellent, using a fairly old Kodak printer dock. The exposure of the indoor pictures is not quite as good as on the computer, but it's still adequate and the colors are good. When I printed pictures on this printer from my Canon, the edges of the images were always cutoff, and that is not the case with this Samsung camera. The camera uses a propietary battery which charges in about 3 hours. The battery can be charged via USB or a regular outlet. The camera has a single USB cable (also proprietary) that plugs into the camera at one end and a USB outlet or into the charger at the other end. The cable is only around 12 inches long. That is my biggest complaint about this camera. The videos shot with the camera are good. The camera zoom lens works while recording video, but the sound on the video cuts out while the zoom is in use. It's less than ideal, but better than other cameras I've used. The camera is small and stylish and the controls are just like every other camera. One small difference - when you turn the wheel to change the shooting mode, the LCD screen offers a brief explanation of each function. The LCD screen seems more smudge-prone than those of other cameras I've used. The camera does not have an optical viewfinder, but the LCD screen worked great in the dull Seattle spring sunshine. I'll have to get back to you later about how it functions in "real" sunshine. The "samsung master" software has crashed every time I've tried to use it. (on Vista). I don't have any use for this software, so this issue doesn't concern me. All in all, I'm very pleased with this camera. It's an excellent value.	Ideally suited for families and entry-level shooters looking for an easy-to-use digital camera, the 10 mega-pixel SL202 present users with a range of features that will help them effortlessly capture digital images without having to worry about becoming entrenched in technical specifications or terminology. The SL202 offers consumers a quality BrandXYZ lens with a 3x optical zoom, as well as digital image stabilization to help reduce blurry images.The SL202 boasts a stylish, compact design which...
20455	So far so good	It's been a couple of weeks since we received it and started using it, so I can write what I fee so far. There's no major problem so far. The only things I notice were: 1) PC freezes sometimes when I try to print something. If I wait for about 1/2 minite, the freeze is gone and start printing. 2) For only a few times, the printer takes forever to start printing. I don't what caused that, but I think the printer wasn't warmed up enough before printing. I can't say that both incidents were caused by the printer, but those had never happened before installing the printer. (We use a newer HP PC desktop with Windows Vista Home Prem.) Those incidents happened only few times so far, so I don't count it as problems. Overall the printer is good deal for the one with multi functions.	Be smart and simplify your life with the BrandXYZ Stylus NX515 all-in-one with built-in Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking. Share one printer to print, scan or access memory card slots1 from anywhere in your home - all without wires. The NX515 prints up to 2x faster than competitively priced models2, with maximum print speeds of 36 ppm black/color and laser quality speeds of 15 ppm black and 9.3 ppm color?. With the NX515, you get remarkable results every time. Print outstanding documents and amazing...
19195	Great receiver once you get it all hooked up!!!	Let me first say setup was trial and error over a couple of days. I highly recommend even if you are a veteran of electronics to go sign up at avsforum.com cause those guys are a great help if you need questions asked. Okay to my review. This thing once you have it setup is amazing. This product is HOT literally. My setup. I have a 50in. Samsung HLT5087SAX DLP TV with the LED Light Engine. Then I have a Samsung Blu-Ray BD-P3600 Player, Directv HR20 HD DVR, and an oldschool Xbox 360 via component cables w/ 5.1 DD. OKay I have the Bluray and the Directv DVR going in HDMI to the receiver. I have the Directv audio going in as a optical digital cable since I ran into some screwups with HDMI audio not switching from standard def audio from HD audio. It was like I could hear audio on HD channels but not analog standard def channels. So the optical cable fixed that. Blu-Ray sound is amazing. I can hear Dolby TrueHD and DTS HD Master Audio. It is phenominal. I use bitstream audiophile on the Bluray player so it sends the primary audio uncompressed for the receiver to decode. PCM also works great to hear the 2nd audios and third (menu/button press) audio, but I prefer the receiver to do the decoding. Also everything i have is HDMI 1.3 so man watching these Blu-Rays at 24FPS and hearing the movies is awesome. Cool thing is and one of the major selling points was the HDMI upscaler. If you have component or analog source devices it will convert them to HDMI so you can leave the TV on HDMI1 input the whole time and just change the receiver sources on the receiver. My 360 did do component 1080p, but I had to bump 360 down to 1080i because the highest component signal that the pioneer receiver video scaler will do is 1080i. So once I did that I had the 360 finally working. Weird thing is that it will show DVD movies on the 360 and Netflix movies on the 360 it will show those as 1080p@60hz. Pretty sure for the games and dashboard it will only do 1080i with my working setup. This method will tide me over till I get a Xbox 360 Jasper that has HDMI. As far as sound goes I have a 5.1 setup, and the receiver comes with this mic that you plug in and you put in the center of the room or in your favorite listening position. I put it in the center of the room on my video camera tripod at ear level for movie watching. I let it run through a 5-8 minute test of speaker test tones and it came back and set each speaker's loudness and distance and also recognized my speakers as small, with loud sounds to come out of the subwoofer. Did all that on it's own. So it really is the best option to let it auto setup the speakers. It is an amazing technology. Playing Gears of War 2 shooting my golden lancer there is some nice bass to it. It set my speakers to not too loud, but the subwoofer it set it up pretty loud just because it takes care of all the bass sounds/tones via the LFE. I got the Batman Begin and Dark Knight on BluRay coming out as 1080p@24hz. That is 24fps! The same as when they actually film the movie HiDef Film. PLus those movies are playing uncompressed audio Dolby TrueHD! It is legendary. I also have The Wrestler movie and it does the DTS HD Master Audio, and for a drama movie like that it sounds really good as well. Anyways if you are looking to blow $500 on a new receiver or if your old receiver gave out on you after 8 years (like me) you will be happy with going the route of the VSX-1019AH-k.	The VSX-1019AH-K represents the pinnacle of the BrandXYZ receiver line. This hub for your home entertainment center allows you to enjoy your favorite movies on Blu-ray disc, DVD or VHS on your flat-panel television like never before. With standard features that include a phenomenal ability to upscale and convert analog video signals to 1080p when transmitted through HDMI to your high definition television, the VSX-1019AH-K?s video scaler presents you with nothing but the best quality possible to...
19196	Great Mid-Range Receiver (so far)	I've had this receiver a week now, and so far, so good. After getting a PS3 recently, I realized my current receiver was a bit dated, having no HDMI whatsoever, so, I began looking around for a replacement. This one was introduced at CES and I've kept my eye on it ever since. I've had Pioneer before and I've always been pleased with their receivers. I'm no Audio-phile (I don't need the uber-high end stuff), but I know good sound when I hear it, and this seemed like a good choice, especially with the features it has for the price. In particular, I wanted as many HDMI inputs as I could get (even though I only use one now, that will change) and a good video upscaler so I only need one output to the TV. I considered a couple other receivers, namely Onkyo's new 607 as well as last year's models from Onkyo and Pioneer (including their low-end Elite receiver), but I picked this one for two main reasons: First, the video upscaler goes all the way to 1080p. The Onkyo 607 only goes to 1080i. Second, the Pioneer will convert the component digital signal to HDMI (needed for my Wii); the Onkyo does ONLY analog, no digital conversion, according to their specs. The 607 did have a couple more HDMI inputs, but I felt the better upscaler would suit me better in the long run. This one also had more overall features and HDMI inputs than last year's models from either manufacturer (unless you wanted their higher-end $800+ units, which was more than I had in mind). As I said, I've only had it a week, so I'll need more time to properly check it out, but so far I'm very pleased with it. The sound is great, the single remote now replaces my two previous ones, and it was easy to set up. If I had one complaint, it's that the unit does not have any S-video connections, but as the Onkyo didn't either, I'm guessing S-video is being phased out for some reason. After I've had it a little longer I will update with any additional information, but as of now, I would recommend this receiver to anyone looking for a new unit.	The VSX-1019AH-K represents the pinnacle of the BrandXYZ receiver line. This hub for your home entertainment center allows you to enjoy your favorite movies on Blu-ray disc, DVD or VHS on your flat-panel television like never before. With standard features that include a phenomenal ability to upscale and convert analog video signals to 1080p when transmitted through HDMI to your high definition television, the VSX-1019AH-K?s video scaler presents you with nothing but the best quality possible to...
19197	Easy HDMI hook up	I have to say this is a great receiver for the price. I'm no audio expert but so far this unit is performing great. I recently got the HD setup with the Samsung 52-650, Samsung Blu-Ray and Samsung DVR/VCR along with the Comcast cable box. Initially I had the Pioneer 1016 and while that had HDMI connections, I was having major issues getting sound out of the system and assigning all of the connections. You still had to connect other cords other than the HDMI cables to get the sound and with the number of components. But the 1019 was very easy to set up with HDMI cables. Another great feature is the USB port in which you can hook your iPod up to for charging and control it on screen. That was pretty much the clincher for making the purchase. This is the perfect mid-range receiver for the HD age...	The VSX-1019AH-K represents the pinnacle of the BrandXYZ receiver line. This hub for your home entertainment center allows you to enjoy your favorite movies on Blu-ray disc, DVD or VHS on your flat-panel television like never before. With standard features that include a phenomenal ability to upscale and convert analog video signals to 1080p when transmitted through HDMI to your high definition television, the VSX-1019AH-K?s video scaler presents you with nothing but the best quality possible to...
19223	Great Buy/Upgrade	I was hesitant to buy this receiver thinking it might not be that much different to my older Pioneer VSX-D12 in quality but when Amazon came up with $50 off regular price(paid $450) and a free 2-day Fedex shipping, I took out my credit card right away and placed the order. And maybe 2 or 3 days later I got the merchandise. Hooking up my gadgets was no problem. Setup was a little confusing but once I got everything set "wow was my first word. Even before running the Auto MCACC the system just sounded way much better than my system with the older receiver. I have a never ending praise for this receiver. Every time I turn this thing on whether listening to FM radio, CD or watching movies from my blu-ray or dvd collection, my brain tells me "This is a better sounding receiver than my older and half price cheaper Pioneer (VSX-D12". No regrets for paying this much for a receiver. I didn't rate this 5 stars because of the following: 1. No switched power outlet at the back like my older Pio. 2. The top of the case feels hot to the touch so that means the components inside must be hot too. I hope it won't break because of thermal issues. 3. Some advanced features are hard to find. 4. The Auto MCACC feature didn't give good result. After running it 3 times the bass coming out of the system after every try was almost nothing. I had to manually set my center, front and surround speakers to small to get back the missing bass. (My system has a large center speaker, the 2 front and 2 surround speakers are small and a subwoofer)	The VSX-1019AH-K represents the pinnacle of the BrandXYZ receiver line. This hub for your home entertainment center allows you to enjoy your favorite movies on Blu-ray disc, DVD or VHS on your flat-panel television like never before. With standard features that include a phenomenal ability to upscale and convert analog video signals to 1080p when transmitted through HDMI to your high definition television, the VSX-1019AH-K?s video scaler presents you with nothing but the best quality possible to...
19225	Excellent receiver	Nice sound quality. HDMI connections are excellent for video and audio. Ipod connection is awesome. You can select your playlists either off of the front of the monitor or on your TV. It comes with an ipod cable.	The VSX-1019AH-K represents the pinnacle of the BrandXYZ receiver line. This hub for your home entertainment center allows you to enjoy your favorite movies on Blu-ray disc, DVD or VHS on your flat-panel television like never before. With standard features that include a phenomenal ability to upscale and convert analog video signals to 1080p when transmitted through HDMI to your high definition television, the VSX-1019AH-K?s video scaler presents you with nothing but the best quality possible to...
19230	Good value for money but .....	I love the number of inputs it takes, but miss the s-video. The auto setup kept mis-identifying my bose speakers. Otherwise a very good product. Gels well with my Mitsubishi HC3000, oppo dvd and media gate multimedia player. Its a 'hot' product - literally.	The VSX-1019AH-K represents the pinnacle of the BrandXYZ receiver line. This hub for your home entertainment center allows you to enjoy your favorite movies on Blu-ray disc, DVD or VHS on your flat-panel television like never before. With standard features that include a phenomenal ability to upscale and convert analog video signals to 1080p when transmitted through HDMI to your high definition television, the VSX-1019AH-K?s video scaler presents you with nothing but the best quality possible to...
19233	My first home theater	This is my first home theater setup and I find that this pioneer receiver is just doing what it is says it can do. I dont have anything to compare with and say whether this one is better that other stuff. The only issue i have is with the user manual, it is very frustrating that the manual does not have proper information on all the features of the system and it also does not have information on what settings the system will sound better for different sources. It may have that information but it is not easily understandable by people who are setting up a home theater for the first time.	The VSX-1019AH-K represents the pinnacle of the BrandXYZ receiver line. This hub for your home entertainment center allows you to enjoy your favorite movies on Blu-ray disc, DVD or VHS on your flat-panel television like never before. With standard features that include a phenomenal ability to upscale and convert analog video signals to 1080p when transmitted through HDMI to your high definition television, the VSX-1019AH-K?s video scaler presents you with nothing but the best quality possible to...
20481	Epson Stylus NX515 WIFI	I have owned this for about 1 week now, and bought to replace an not to old all in one printer, (not a Epson), and I can't get over how much better this one is. It smokes my old printer. The installation was so simple and fast I had the whole job done in about 1 hour from the time I unpacked it and plugged it in. The only thing I can't say right now is how long the ink will last, This was the main reason why I left Epson printers in the past, But after seeing the way my pictures faded with the old printer I really wasn't saving anything. I gave it four stars only for not knowing about the ink issue.	Be smart and simplify your life with the BrandXYZ Stylus NX515 all-in-one with built-in Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking. Share one printer to print, scan or access memory card slots1 from anywhere in your home - all without wires. The NX515 prints up to 2x faster than competitively priced models2, with maximum print speeds of 36 ppm black/color and laser quality speeds of 15 ppm black and 9.3 ppm color?. With the NX515, you get remarkable results every time. Print outstanding documents and amazing...
20484	Epson NX515	After reading other reviews I chose this printer and it has lived up to very good reviews. Wireless installation was very simple, just load a special driver from the CD. I haven't used long enough to comment on ink usage. One flaw is that draft mode printing is very faint, almost unusable. A good buy.	Be smart and simplify your life with the BrandXYZ Stylus NX515 all-in-one with built-in Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking. Share one printer to print, scan or access memory card slots1 from anywhere in your home - all without wires. The NX515 prints up to 2x faster than competitively priced models2, with maximum print speeds of 36 ppm black/color and laser quality speeds of 15 ppm black and 9.3 ppm color?. With the NX515, you get remarkable results every time. Print outstanding documents and amazing...
19243	WOW	I had purchased the Vers 2.0 cherry wood cabinet product to use with my iPhone 3G, but after multiple issues, I decided to return it and invest more and buy a better product. Just before I spent double the cost of the Vers product to buy the Bose SoundDock I started seeing the abundant advertising for the new iHome iP1 Studio Series. It looked downright cool and amazingly well designed. After reading the specifications, I took a chance and opted not to go with the Bose. When the iHome unit arrived, I was surprised how heavy the box was. (It's hard to build a great sounding speaker without a solid cabinet and large magnets at the base of the speaker cones, all of which weigh a lot.) When I opened the box, I was even more surprised how beautifully designed the unit was. It is minimalist elegance. I highly recommend this iHome product. I have sold audio equipment over the years, so it's difficult to impress me. I am impressed. The only thing that iHome could do to improve this product would be to give the remote control backlit buttons or add texture so you can operate it in the dark. I use this in my bedroom and want to be able to control the volume or change the song without turning on the bedside lamp. If they offered an upgraded remote, I would buy it. Bottom line? You won't be disappointed in this product. I highly recommend it!	Amazon.com Product Description Bring studio-quality sound home with BrandXYZ's new iP1 Studio Series audio system. Boasting cutting-edge digital audio reproduction and industrial design, the iP1's highly efficient 4-Channel amplifier is complemented by the patented Bongiovi Acoustics Digital Power Station technology. It delivers audio the way the artist intended it to sound, through its 4-inch honeycomb woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters. Enjoy restored harmonics, increased clarity and deep b...
19734	ALARM CLOCK YOU CAN'T USE IN THE DARK!!!	When I first received this unit I was very pleased with the sound. Then I discovered that you CAN NOT SEE IT IN THE DARK!! I called TEAC and they told me that they took the light bulb out of it and were aware that the time could not be viewed in the dark. WHAT GOOD IS AN ALARM CLOCK THAT YOU CAN'T SEE???? I returned it and they told me I would have to pay a restocking fee anyway plus it has been weeks with NO CREDIT from them yet!!	Program, Repeat (1/All), Shuffle Play. Digital Clock, Dual Alarm, Snooze, Sleep Timer. Wake to iPod or Tuner. LCD Display with 3-step Dimmer. Muting. Bass-reflex type Spekaer Boxes. Remote Control (Also controls iPod functions and menu). iPod Dock Adapters and Dock Cover Included. Available in Black and White.
19737	Works great!	After working my way through the owner's manual, I was able to set up the Uniden DECT2185 phone with no problem. Like any other "new" gadget, you have to use it regularly until you feel comfortable with it. The sound quality is superb, and volume can be easily adjusted on the base and handset. I feel, however, that based on the price, this phone should have included at least one additional handset. Otherwise, I am completely satisfied with this phone and would recommend it without hesitation. This is my second Uniden answer system phone. The previous one lasted 25 years and was still working!	The DECT2185 Expandable Cordless Telephone with Digital Answering System from BrandXYZ features DECT6.0 interference free technology, caller ID, handset and base speakerphones, and large LCD displays. This telephone system allows you to block unwanted calls for up to 20 telephone numbers including private and unknown with the touch of a button. The system also features lighted crystal keypads, voice message waiting indication with message playback directly from the cordless handset, caller ID/ca...
19738	Great phone!	This is a great phone. My husband who is very critical of phones, loves it, too. We like the intercom feature. It will ring any handset and then you can talk to the person in that room. It is awesome if you have a two story house and don't want to yell upstairs. I like how the answering machine has an led to show the # of messages. When talking on the phone, notice no static or interference. Crystal clear. Thank you, Amazon, great price.	The DECT2185 Expandable Cordless Telephone with Digital Answering System from BrandXYZ features DECT6.0 interference free technology, caller ID, handset and base speakerphones, and large LCD displays. This telephone system allows you to block unwanted calls for up to 20 telephone numbers including private and unknown with the touch of a button. The system also features lighted crystal keypads, voice message waiting indication with message playback directly from the cordless handset, caller ID/ca...
19244	Incredible iPod Speaker System	Delivers exceptional sounds, making mp3's of almost any bitrate sound better than they ever did before. Also, the sound quality of any radio station apps is dramatically improved, even talk. On top of that, the design can only be summed up as modern, minimalist elegance. Have had no technical issues whatsoever and have owned the unit for several weeks, so can only assume the previous reviewer is dealing with a rare manufacturing defect, or did something to break the unit himself. For me, absolutely flawless piece of stereo equipment that has increased my enjoyment of my iPod Touch several times over, and is being offered at an absolutely unbeatable price by Amazon.	Amazon.com Product Description Bring studio-quality sound home with BrandXYZ's new iP1 Studio Series audio system. Boasting cutting-edge digital audio reproduction and industrial design, the iP1's highly efficient 4-Channel amplifier is complemented by the patented Bongiovi Acoustics Digital Power Station technology. It delivers audio the way the artist intended it to sound, through its 4-inch honeycomb woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters. Enjoy restored harmonics, increased clarity and deep b...
19245	Best overall iPhone speaker	The only competitor for this item was the . In a nutshell, the iHome iP1 did better. The iP1 has "brighter" sound, which works well for people who like to listen to soft music or music at lower volumes. I had to put the store employees, as well as my family through a half hour listening tests with several songs. The only thing the Bose was better at was size. So the iP1 is bulkier, but with slightly better sound , and a far better remote control. Being a fan of usability, this was a deal killer for me. I am able to switch between playlists, change bass and treble settings, and scrub through the menu, as compared to only playing and changing volume on the Bose. Since this speaker is in our kitchen and living area - there is a lot of action and need for changing the listening preferences so it suits the current environment. Without this feature, the speaker would just not have gotten used.	Amazon.com Product Description Bring studio-quality sound home with BrandXYZ's new iP1 Studio Series audio system. Boasting cutting-edge digital audio reproduction and industrial design, the iP1's highly efficient 4-Channel amplifier is complemented by the patented Bongiovi Acoustics Digital Power Station technology. It delivers audio the way the artist intended it to sound, through its 4-inch honeycomb woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters. Enjoy restored harmonics, increased clarity and deep b...
19246	Love it!	I've only had it a few days, but I'm very pleasantly surprised. Not only is it well built, but they knocked it out of the park with the design. None of this would matter if it didn't sound good, and it sounds fantastic. It's been years since I've bought a 'shelf system' and after a month or so of research I finally decided to buy it - mission accomplished!	Amazon.com Product Description Bring studio-quality sound home with BrandXYZ's new iP1 Studio Series audio system. Boasting cutting-edge digital audio reproduction and industrial design, the iP1's highly efficient 4-Channel amplifier is complemented by the patented Bongiovi Acoustics Digital Power Station technology. It delivers audio the way the artist intended it to sound, through its 4-inch honeycomb woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters. Enjoy restored harmonics, increased clarity and deep b...
19247	Good but not the greatness I had hoped for	I've been looking for a replacement for my admittedly unloved Logitech Pure-Fi Elite for some time. Found the iP1 at a certain well-known warehouse chain for a great price due to an instant discount promotion, but also saw the intriguing Panasonic SC-HC3 alongside it on the shelf. Decided to buy both and have a shoot-out testing session at home, with the loser going back to the store. Not a true apples-to-apples comparison, since the SC-HC3 is really more a compact stereo than dedicated speaker setup, but since I was primarily after was great sound quality in a package that had some style and 'look at me' presence, there was considerable leeway on my part in rooting for the iHome unit. Unfortunately for the iP1, the SC-HC3 does sound exceptionally well also. In fact, to my ears even better than what the iP1 is capable of. It also has good looks, too. The iP1's frequency range is pretty good, with decent and relatively convincing midbass performance for the size drivers it has onboard. Mids and highs are present, but I found that they seemed conspicuously muted with passages that I know shouldn't be that way when listened to on other equipment and setups. I used my 2G Touch as the source iPod, and used lossless WAV files across several musical genres; the iP1 is certainly the best-sounding iHome unit I've ever experienced, and the best-looking to my tastes as well. But I found the abrupt crossover from mid/woofer to tweeter too noticeable and rather irritating to listen to over time (on my unit this was really apparent with the right channel), and there wasn't much in the way of depth or image to its sound at all, not that I was holding out much hope considering that the respective drivers for each channel are mounted less than a foot apart from one another. But in the end it was the balance of the sound across the frequency range that bugged me the most. In usage I found that I preferred using the iP1's digital processing circuitry over leaving it off and presumably neutral; it brought a liveliness and level of resonance to the audio that made the unboosted output seem bland, inconsequential and haphazard, which is actually contrary to how I usually like my music with other equipment that offer similar forms of 'tarting'. Simply stated, overall I found the iP1's sonic presentation decent, but just not as accurate as I would normally prefer. The imbalance I felt with midrange and high frequency output and the harsh crossover point from the midrange/woofer to tweeter introduced too much distracting characteristics to the sound, and the lack of depth when compared to the Panasonic's sonic performance put the iP1 at a distinct disadvantage to my ears. From an aesthetic view, the broadbrush overview of the iP1 makes it look a winner that cater to my design preferences, but even here there are quirks as well. The power supply is external and is the poster child of the prodigal power 'brick'; it's about as big as the one that Microsoft supplies with the Xbox 360, and is cumbersome to place, conceal and plan around when locating the iP1 in the intended resting spot I had in mind for it...just like I experienced and loathed with the old Pure-Fi Elite I was so intent on replacing. In fact it's probably worse since the iP1 is see-through. The smoked acrylic front face and the general finish of the speaker drivers is minimalist stylish in my mind's eye (though my wife hated it), but the materials used on the dock tray fascia and control surfaces seemed a bit low end in comparison. The overall effect is entrancing, but this design would've really been fantastic had iHome used tempered glass and metal on the remaining plastic surfaces, but I suspect the $300 list price would be a fair bit higher as a result. From the rear, the housings for the speaker drivers and miscellaneous electronics also seemed a bit on the cheap side as well, though in truth all they do is sit in the background since they're primarily viewed through the main acrylic face panel. There were a couple of fascia treatment options for the midrange/woofer driver supplied: the metal mesh grilles come pre-installed from iHome, with separate plastic bezel trim rings also included that give the iP1 owner the choice to expose the mid/woofer speaker driver. Since the grilles are supposedly acoustically neutral, the trim ring accessory would only be used as an aesthetic preference. Personally, I think the grilles work better from a visual standpoint, since the tweeters also are sheathed with a similar mesh that isn't removable. In the end, the iHome iP1 lost my impromptu shoot-out with the Panasonic SC-HC3. The added features of the Panasonic (AM/FM, CD player, clock) along with its Bang & Olufsen-esque styling and its far cheaper price--even with the instant discount on the iP1 at the time of purchase, the iP1 is almost 50% more expensive than the SC-HC3--simply outshone the stylish iHome unit and underscored the value aspect in this comparison. And in these tough economic times, that last point alone makes the one-trick pony iP1 a harder horse to ride. Couple the Panasonic's ability to provide me with superior and pleasing audio performance (your own mileage may vary, however), it was clear to me which of the two was going back to the store. I think that the iP1 is a good first effort by iHome at trying to reach into the higher-quality segment of the iPod speaker/dock market that others like Bose and Klipsch play in, but for me the expertise and know-how of old-school manufacturer Panasonic won out on this day. Maybe next time, iHome.	Amazon.com Product Description Bring studio-quality sound home with BrandXYZ's new iP1 Studio Series audio system. Boasting cutting-edge digital audio reproduction and industrial design, the iP1's highly efficient 4-Channel amplifier is complemented by the patented Bongiovi Acoustics Digital Power Station technology. It delivers audio the way the artist intended it to sound, through its 4-inch honeycomb woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters. Enjoy restored harmonics, increased clarity and deep b...
19248	Awesome Sound, Full bass...Must Have	I bought this speaker system after listening to the Bose Sound Dock. I would have to say this is comparable sound if not better. It s a bit on the big side so it does take up a lot of room on a book shelf. it is compatible with the iPhone 3G and iPod Touch 2nd Generation. No matter what the volume, you get 0 distortion and a full range of perfect tone. You have to hear it to believe it.	Amazon.com Product Description Bring studio-quality sound home with BrandXYZ's new iP1 Studio Series audio system. Boasting cutting-edge digital audio reproduction and industrial design, the iP1's highly efficient 4-Channel amplifier is complemented by the patented Bongiovi Acoustics Digital Power Station technology. It delivers audio the way the artist intended it to sound, through its 4-inch honeycomb woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters. Enjoy restored harmonics, increased clarity and deep b...
19249	Great Speaker!!!	Purchased this speaker system for my boss, who loves it so much he took it home instead of keeping it in the office (intended use). It's very sleek and the sound quality is amazing! The system is also very easy to set up basically plug and play. I highly recommend this product, so much so I purchased one for myself and another for the office.	Amazon.com Product Description Bring studio-quality sound home with BrandXYZ's new iP1 Studio Series audio system. Boasting cutting-edge digital audio reproduction and industrial design, the iP1's highly efficient 4-Channel amplifier is complemented by the patented Bongiovi Acoustics Digital Power Station technology. It delivers audio the way the artist intended it to sound, through its 4-inch honeycomb woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters. Enjoy restored harmonics, increased clarity and deep b...
19251	Superior	So far I am extemely happy with this item. It works perfectly with my iPod and produces a much bigger sound than you would suspect. I have one made by Klipsh for my bedroom and I put this one with my HD setup in the family room.	Amazon.com Product Description Bring studio-quality sound home with BrandXYZ's new iP1 Studio Series audio system. Boasting cutting-edge digital audio reproduction and industrial design, the iP1's highly efficient 4-Channel amplifier is complemented by the patented Bongiovi Acoustics Digital Power Station technology. It delivers audio the way the artist intended it to sound, through its 4-inch honeycomb woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters. Enjoy restored harmonics, increased clarity and deep b...
19253	Bummed,, won't dock with case protector on	Wanted to purchase this, but did a test drive trying to dock my IPhone to it in Costco, and was not even close to being able to dock with my rubber "Speck" case on. So the sale was lost, the dock point looks like a first generation plug, way to shallow, and not deep enough to get past a protective cover. My Sony, & Altec Lancing"s both have deep and tall docking ports and can take an Iphone with a protective cover,, will wait for next generation..	Amazon.com Product Description Bring studio-quality sound home with BrandXYZ's new iP1 Studio Series audio system. Boasting cutting-edge digital audio reproduction and industrial design, the iP1's highly efficient 4-Channel amplifier is complemented by the patented Bongiovi Acoustics Digital Power Station technology. It delivers audio the way the artist intended it to sound, through its 4-inch honeycomb woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters. Enjoy restored harmonics, increased clarity and deep b...
19255	The system auto shuts-off after 3 weeks, repeatedly turns itself off	I link my Cable's audio output to the system, use it as speakers. After 3 weeks of quality sound. The system would shut itself off automatically while been used. No explanation in the user guide. Unplug the power for 5 min will only let it work for less than an hour. No idea why. Going to contact the manufacture.	Amazon.com Product Description Bring studio-quality sound home with BrandXYZ's new iP1 Studio Series audio system. Boasting cutting-edge digital audio reproduction and industrial design, the iP1's highly efficient 4-Channel amplifier is complemented by the patented Bongiovi Acoustics Digital Power Station technology. It delivers audio the way the artist intended it to sound, through its 4-inch honeycomb woofers and 1-inch silk dome tweeters. Enjoy restored harmonics, increased clarity and deep b...
19257	Great Portability & Protection	Luv this case. Perfect fit for iomega & cords. Inside only slightly padded, however - pretty thin padding, but feels memory-foamish & better to have thin memory-foamish padding than thin cheap padding. Even tho has thin padding inside, the outside makes up for this because it's rubbery & substantial, plus the little square bumps all over the outside of the case actually provide great shock absorption. Have been using this case for nearly a year now in backpack bumping around the globe with absolutely no harm to my hard drive. The case with my hard drive in it has even fallen out of my backpack to the ground a number of times with no harm done to the hard drive at all. Note: this is not a thin case. Slightly bulky but still small enough to be comfortably portable. Wish it came in colors, I'd get another. Highly recommend.	Protect your portable hard drive when you travel with an BrandXYZ Portable Hard Drive Case. This compact stylish black case includes an elastic band inside to keep your drive in place plus a handy mesh pocket to store your USB cable. Case fits easily in a backpack, briefcase or suitcase. Interior compartment dimensions of 15 cm x 9.5 cm x 2.5 cm easily fits popular portable hard drive models.
19258	Great Protection	I think it is important to have the right case for your portable hard drive if you are traveling with it and for protection in the home too. The Iomega case fits the hard drive snugly with added support for the plug. I like the strap across the insides for added protection and the stylish outer layer adds even more shock protection. This is a must-have.	Protect your portable hard drive when you travel with an BrandXYZ Portable Hard Drive Case. This compact stylish black case includes an elastic band inside to keep your drive in place plus a handy mesh pocket to store your USB cable. Case fits easily in a backpack, briefcase or suitcase. Interior compartment dimensions of 15 cm x 9.5 cm x 2.5 cm easily fits popular portable hard drive models.
19739	very nice	everything promoted on the is on point, the call blocking to me is like the best feature (the dude you meet and you accidently give the him the RIGHT number) you blocks it....... real kool worth it	The DECT2185 Expandable Cordless Telephone with Digital Answering System from BrandXYZ features DECT6.0 interference free technology, caller ID, handset and base speakerphones, and large LCD displays. This telephone system allows you to block unwanted calls for up to 20 telephone numbers including private and unknown with the touch of a button. The system also features lighted crystal keypads, voice message waiting indication with message playback directly from the cordless handset, caller ID/ca...
19740	no headset jack	that says it right there, don't know why anyone would make a phone without a headset jack.	The DECT2185 Expandable Cordless Telephone with Digital Answering System from BrandXYZ features DECT6.0 interference free technology, caller ID, handset and base speakerphones, and large LCD displays. This telephone system allows you to block unwanted calls for up to 20 telephone numbers including private and unknown with the touch of a button. The system also features lighted crystal keypads, voice message waiting indication with message playback directly from the cordless handset, caller ID/ca...
19741	Thanks	ok. thanks. shipping us fine except I had to pay import taxes. is there any way to inform import taxes during checkout. I didn't use it yet. Hope this will work better then others.	The DECT2185 Expandable Cordless Telephone with Digital Answering System from BrandXYZ features DECT6.0 interference free technology, caller ID, handset and base speakerphones, and large LCD displays. This telephone system allows you to block unwanted calls for up to 20 telephone numbers including private and unknown with the touch of a button. The system also features lighted crystal keypads, voice message waiting indication with message playback directly from the cordless handset, caller ID/ca...
19259	It works	Yes it does work as advertised with all the bells, whistles and dazzling lights, but some other wireless DSL routers have similar functionality and are priced for a little less. After my old 2-wire DSL router died, I decided to buy this as a replacement. I couldn't wait for shipping. So I bought this DSL router from a local store. I've also been disappointed by other reviews on the internet for this DGND3300-100NAS. So I'm writing this review. I mainly got this DSL router because of the energy star logo on the box. It lives in the temperature extremes of my garage, and some of the other DSL routers ran a little too hot. It works with my AT&T DSL. I've only been using it for the past day, and I have not had any connectivity issues. I'll update this review if the stability changes. I never really had wireless connectivity problems with my old router, but the new wireless router now stays at 100% signal strength through out my house. My other router would sometimes go down to 90% at the farthest edge of the house. I set this router to "Up to 130 Mbps at 2.4 GHz. Neighbor friendly mode". If you are familiar with configuring home routers through a web interface, this won't be much different. It's fairly easy to set up. Compared to my attached 8 port gigabit switch and my 6 megabit DSL, the 802.11n standard isn't very interesting when compared to 802.11g. Downloading from the internet is limited to my purchased 6 megabit DSL, and wirelessly transferring files to my network attached storage is limited to the 100 Mbps limit of the integrated 4 port router. Though now my router supports 802.11n in case I ever get such a device that requires it. I'm glad it has the more secure WPA2-PSK, and there is a setting for both WPA2-PSK and WPA-PSK to be used at the same time, which is helpful for migrating the settings of your wireless devices. It does have one minor annoyance. I'm not sure why it has so many bright blue blinking lights. It looks like a disco in my cabinet now. If your DSL modem will be in a bedroom you use for sleeping or any other room that you want to keep dark, this may be a concern for you. One feature I missed from my 2wire DSL modem that I haven't found on the Netgear DSL modem is the Management Diagnostic Console. It's a hidden set of pages that provides error diagnostics and a pretty ASCII based bitloading graph. It was helpful to diagnose which radio frequencies were interferring with my DSL. In case you didn't know, telephone lines act like huge radio antennas, which interfere with the DSL signal. That's part of the reason why shielded coaxial cable from cable companies can have higher transfer speeds. Most people won't be fanatical enough to care about this missing diagnostic feature.	Two simultaneous wireless networks deliver better connections with less interference, Greater bandwidth for high-quality media streaming and better online gaming, Push `N? Connect securely connects devices at the touch of a button, Automatic Quality of Service (QoS) for reliable Internet, voice and gaming applications, For use with ADSL broadband (through the telephone line).
19261	Download the updated setup CD if using Windows 7!	I liked the idea of having a combination one device instead of a separate modem & router to eliminate a couple of extra wires, and I liked the idea that it might be faster and have less interference on the 2.4 ghz band. Okay on the first, but otherwise no improvement over my old wireless-G network. If you already have a wireless-G setup, then don't bother with this. I knew I was going to be installing Windows 7 from Vista, so I thought it would be smart to install this first, before I upgraded to Windows 7 to try and avoid problems. It was indeed very easy to install. However, after upgrading Windows 7, I could not connect to the internet. Several hours and a couple of aspirin later, I discovered that Netgear has a new installation CD for Windows 7 that you have to download. Once I re-installed using this new setup CD, it worked fine.	Two simultaneous wireless networks deliver better connections with less interference, Greater bandwidth for high-quality media streaming and better online gaming, Push `N? Connect securely connects devices at the touch of a button, Automatic Quality of Service (QoS) for reliable Internet, voice and gaming applications, For use with ADSL broadband (through the telephone line).
19262	Works Great First Time with VERIZON DSL	I used the wizard, followed the instructions, and this all-in-one came right on-line with great statistics with my service provider VERIZON. However, you still need to know how to configure all the optional features but the manual explains what is involved. Great product I recommend it.	Two simultaneous wireless networks deliver better connections with less interference, Greater bandwidth for high-quality media streaming and better online gaming, Push `N? Connect securely connects devices at the touch of a button, Automatic Quality of Service (QoS) for reliable Internet, voice and gaming applications, For use with ADSL broadband (through the telephone line).
19266	Nothing works as advertised	I recently decided to pick up a new Router/DSL modem to replace my old 2WIRE SBC Global modem. I decided to go with the NETGEAR DGN3300. I wanted to make sure and pick up a router with the new N technology. Needless to say none of the advertised extra's seem to work with this product. While both the N and G networks seem to broadcast fine but the N 5G channel seems to give a VERY poor signal. Unless your device it literally 4-5 feet from the router it barely registers 1 bar for signal strength, so I've ended up using the G channel for all my WIFI devices. THE Push button PBC option for connecting to other WIFI devices doesn't work either so it seems the main two reason i went with this item were just selling points that Netgear couldn't deliver. However the G channel gets good signal strength with this device and it doesn't seem to loose it's connection like others have experienced but all in all I am quite disappointed with this product. It can't even close to deliver to it's advertising promises.	Two simultaneous wireless networks deliver better connections with less interference, Greater bandwidth for high-quality media streaming and better online gaming, Push `N? Connect securely connects devices at the touch of a button, Automatic Quality of Service (QoS) for reliable Internet, voice and gaming applications, For use with ADSL broadband (through the telephone line).
19267	Netgear DGND3300	I am very pleased with the item I purchased. I like the idea of it having both router/modem in one unit.	Two simultaneous wireless networks deliver better connections with less interference, Greater bandwidth for high-quality media streaming and better online gaming, Push `N? Connect securely connects devices at the touch of a button, Automatic Quality of Service (QoS) for reliable Internet, voice and gaming applications, For use with ADSL broadband (through the telephone line).
19268	DSL Modem and router-works with ATT	My old Gateway 2wire broke last Friday after the 2 year warranty expired. I called ATT tech support which took forever only to find out that the reason the failure was with the power supply. I needed a modem and router that night so I went up and picked up one from a place called _RY's(just add the 6th letter of alphabet to fill in the blank) to test it out Took some time to find the old email address and password and finally signed on using the enclosed CD. After about 30 minutes I was online again. It worked for me all weekend like a charm. Hit the middle button on it to turn off the cool LED lights though I decided to try buying one from Amazon and low and behold it was cheaper and I decided to saved some serious cash. I saved 13.5 percent!. I saved 8.75 percent only by not paying California Sales tax. The modem and router arrived today. I installed the Router/modem from Amazon and returned the other one to the store for a full refund. I saved some money shopping from Amazon and the next person buying my store bought version will save some money too as the store version is going back on the refurbished shelf. So far so good. The laptops, desktops, and gaming consoles work really well. I hope	Two simultaneous wireless networks deliver better connections with less interference, Greater bandwidth for high-quality media streaming and better online gaming, Push `N? Connect securely connects devices at the touch of a button, Automatic Quality of Service (QoS) for reliable Internet, voice and gaming applications, For use with ADSL broadband (through the telephone line).
19270	Pain to Install, Times Out Negotiating the DSL Connection	When the DGND3300 tries to negotiate a connection with ATT DSL, it often times out way to quickly. I see the DSL connection light flashing, then it stops after about 20 seconds. If I leave it turned on, it eventually connects, but it may time out many times before it finally connects. Once it connects, the speed is good and all is well. But pity me if I lose power or disconnect the DGNG3300 for some reason. It may take an hour to finally connect again! I also have a 2wire modem, and it sometimes negotiates (DSL Light flashing) for a minute or more before it connects. It might take a minute or two, but the 2wire modem ALWAYS connects. So there needs to be some place in the firmware to correct this problem - But there is not. An hour with Netgear tech support got me nowhere. It should not time out so fast when negotiating a DSL connection. I thought it was a problem with the first one, so I took it back and got a replacement - but it has the same issue. Once connected, the product is great. Easy to configure. Good features. Far superior range and quality of service compared to the 2Wire DSL Modem/Router But unless Netgear can figure out a solution to the issue I will have to take it back and get a unit from a different manufacturer...	Two simultaneous wireless networks deliver better connections with less interference, Greater bandwidth for high-quality media streaming and better online gaming, Push `N? Connect securely connects devices at the touch of a button, Automatic Quality of Service (QoS) for reliable Internet, voice and gaming applications, For use with ADSL broadband (through the telephone line).
19271	It does not work with verizon dsl	It does not work with verizon dsl. I have the Netgear tech support to help for setup over two hours even with the supervisor. Finally they stated that the unit will not work with the Verizon dsl. It is lucky that this is from Amazon.com returning is very easy with full refund. Don't even try it if you have verizon Dsl. It is complete wast of your time and money.	Two simultaneous wireless networks deliver better connections with less interference, Greater bandwidth for high-quality media streaming and better online gaming, Push `N? Connect securely connects devices at the touch of a button, Automatic Quality of Service (QoS) for reliable Internet, voice and gaming applications, For use with ADSL broadband (through the telephone line).
19272	Hence the DUAL band	Uhhh, if you only need N band then just get an N band router. Doh!	Two simultaneous wireless networks deliver better connections with less interference, Greater bandwidth for high-quality media streaming and better online gaming, Push `N? Connect securely connects devices at the touch of a button, Automatic Quality of Service (QoS) for reliable Internet, voice and gaming applications, For use with ADSL broadband (through the telephone line).
19273	wireless n	if you tri to use this router yo cant makem work the 2 bands in N mode at the same time	Two simultaneous wireless networks deliver better connections with less interference, Greater bandwidth for high-quality media streaming and better online gaming, Push `N? Connect securely connects devices at the touch of a button, Automatic Quality of Service (QoS) for reliable Internet, voice and gaming applications, For use with ADSL broadband (through the telephone line).
19274	Essential for travelers	WOW! This unit is amazing. My wife and I are full-time travelers. We often find ourselves in locations off the beaten path where we're without cell phone coverage and internet access. Well those days are now long gone. Since we've installed this unit, we have NEVER been without coverage for our cell phone or air card. Installation was easy and best of all, it works with both our cell phone and air card with our Verizon service. The improvement in signal strength is obvious by merely comparing signal strength bars. In our experience, when our phone has only 1 or 2 bars without the booster, it shows at least 3 bars and most frequently 4 bars. We bought an attachment that is basically a credit card size pad with a cable that connects to the booster. The pad sticks to either the phone or air card during use and is easily transferred from one to the other. If you are full-time traveler and wish to preserve connection to family and friends regardless of where you are, the Wilson amplifier and antenna is a great way to do it.	The Direct Connect (inline) Bi-directional Amplifier improves RF coverage in areas with no signal or low signal strength. The unit amplifies both 800MHz and 1900MHz cellular and PCS signals providing up to 3 Watts of output power on the 800MHz band and 2 Watts of output power on the 1900MHz (PCS) Band. Increases your phone's coverage up to 50 miles or more (under ideal conditions.). The 800MHz and 1900MHz cellular signal from the cell site is received by the BrandXYZ Cellular antenna (301101 inc...
19277	Sturdy and fashionable	When I opened the box my first thought was "this has more parts than my first car had." I unpacked the box and moved the pieces to the location I wanted to place it at. Moving the box whole is a two person job at least. Once assembled, the stand would take two people to move it. Be warned it is heavy (glass and metal tend to be that)and moving it once assembled would be tricky as the frame is hard to reach and the glass really isn't strong enough to take the full weight of the stand. The stand went together in about an hour. All of the parts are clearly labeled and the screws provided fit the holes with only one exception. One of the holes that allows for adjusting the frame that holds the television was miscut and it shredded the threads of the bolt that should have fit in it. I'll hit the local hardware store for options to replace the bolt. The frame will work without this one bolt, but it was there for a reason. The frame itself is well put together, the welds are very clean and neat, the glass shelves are well cut and each shelf clearly only fits in one location. This is a well engineered and manufactured piece. Really four and a half stars. Minus a little for the miscut hole.	The FP4858HG with it's striking design can be configured to meet your display and room layout needs. Known as the "Triple Play" for it's versatility of mounting options for a flat panel A/V system that features swivel TV mounting above the component stand. This high gloss black can hold most Flat panel TV's up to 52" or 125lbs and at least 4 A/V components. The rear mounting frame and universal swivel mount system can be removed to be used as a 3 shelf stand alone table while the swivel mounting...
19278	Great stand, Great Quality	I ordered this stand online without looking at it. I had some reservations but I had found other Bell'O brand stands locally, just not this one. The box is around 150 lbs when it arrives. Keep a vacuum handy because styrofoam goes everywhere. The directions were easy to follow and the stand was very easy to put together. I mounted my TV on the arm connected to the stand. I wish it had one more set of holes to make my TV just a little lower, but the height is okay, closer than other stands I looked at. The red plastic package is the only one you need to open to put this stand together. The other package with silver mounting hardware is for the TV to attach to the brackets for on the wall or on the back arm of the stand. I found bolts that fit my TV after the first try, used a washer, then lock washer and my 65lb. TV is firmly attached to the Universal mount. The swivel function is great and with our heavy Plasma on it, it doesn't move at all once fixed in the position you want it. I thought the hardware looked small and cheesy from photos but in reality, it is really beefy steel throughout. Great stand, well worth the money and you have the option of wall mount, arm mount or set the TV on the stand itself. I also like the ability to put the stand in a corner or against a wall. I'm very happy with this high quality stand.	The FP4858HG with it's striking design can be configured to meet your display and room layout needs. Known as the "Triple Play" for it's versatility of mounting options for a flat panel A/V system that features swivel TV mounting above the component stand. This high gloss black can hold most Flat panel TV's up to 52" or 125lbs and at least 4 A/V components. The rear mounting frame and universal swivel mount system can be removed to be used as a 3 shelf stand alone table while the swivel mounting...
19281	works well, for what it is.	This little GPS works fine for the price. If you do an internet search on this model you will find that many people are finding many interesting uses for it. While some of these needed a fix from the manufacturer, not all of them do, and many people are very happy with these units.	4.3-Inch Portable GPS with Text to Speech
19282	Quick fix item	I ordered an Omnitech GPS Model #CE00688A from BrandMedia4Less. Without explanation, Seller sent a Model #16878 which requires the Purchaser to implement a quick fix (per Omnitech Support) as original SD Card supplied in the unit is defective. This is true of all Model #16878 units accordinding to Omnitech. Purchaser must use a new SD Card (not supplied) and to follow complicated directions beyond my abiliy. Written off as a bad experience.	4.3-Inch Portable GPS with Text to Speech
19283	Poor product (Software is flaky)	Bought this camera few days ago (Because of Night vision feature). But disappointed now!! Setup/Software is very buggy. Very flaky DHCP client. I have setup DHCP(which is not a default factory settings), everything seemed fine, then power cycle or you change any settings that caused reboot cycle and it won't pickup the IP address from DHCP next time, rather use default static IP. So I end up changing default static IP as well. That worked little better, but it will still loose network connection and need to power cycle time to time. Tried both wireless and wired connections. So obviously when you are away from the site, this just stopped working and you get no real value from this product. I have another product from Airlink IPCam250W (w/o night vision), and that works much more reliably. Once setup I never had to touch it, working with DHCP, wireless no problem.	Wireless surveillance has never been this easy!Monitor nearly anywhere with ease with the BrandXYZ 101 SkyIPCam500W wireless nightvision network camera! This high-quality camera captures video at 640 x 480 resolutions at 30 fps and is equipped with IEEE 802.11b/g wireless networking support! Watch live streaming video over your home network or even over the Internet! A built-in omni-directional microphone records audio as well. This IP camera features a solar cell and six IR LEDs that are automa...
19284	Atlona Powerless HDMI Extender Over CAT5/CAT6	ASIN:B001UTVW20 Atlona Powerless HDMI Extender Over CAT5/CAT6 The Atlona Powerless HDMI Extender Over CAT5/CAT6 helped me to keep the DVR in one level up in a closet and the TV 68 feet (approx) away. My Connection is DVR HDMI out --> 6 feet HDMI cable --> HDMI Female to Female Adater --> sender AT-HD30S --> 2 cat5 cable (68feet approx) --> receiver AT-HD30R --> 25 feet HDMi cable --> TV The only minor problem I see on TV is minute glitch signal on screen ( like tiny meteor flying across). The problem goes away if I connect the AT-HD30S sender directly to DVR.	This product is perfect for extending the 1080p signal from any HDMI or DVI source up to 30 Meters with no signal degradation.
19820	Great Tripod Legs by Benro Comparable to the Pricier Gitzos!	This review is for; As an amateur photographer this is my first experience with pro-quality tripod legs after trying several department-store quality one-piece tripods with plastic heads. This Benro tripod is built with very, good quality that looks way more durable than what I used to buy. Strong enough to hold my Canon Digital SLR with a long zoom lens or other accessories attached to it such as a battery grip or external flash. Reviewers from other photography websites compare Benros as an almost exact copy of the more pricier Gitzo tripod legs which cost from $400 to $700 (yikes!). I actually use this Benro tripod with a Manfrotto head, but since the head mount is very standard, you can pretty much use any compatible 3/8" head. The carbon fiber tripod legs (two carbon fiber leg sections per individual leg) are housed in sturdy magnesium legs when telescoped all the way for storage. The center column is reversible with a useful spring-loaded hook on the bottom for stabilizing loads. I like to use my photo backpack during photo shoots. The legs open in three different angles (24, 55 & 80?). I suppose my only complain about the legs is that they are "round knobbed" locked instead of "flipped lever" locked which take a little longer to lock, but otherwise the round knobs work fine. The Benro tripod legs also have a useful bubble level mounted on the unit. I also like the foam rubber mounted on one of the legs which makes it comfortable to grab as a handle. Nice touch! Overall, this tripod mated with a good quality head of your choice should out-perform those numerous department store quality tripods that probably many of us began with. Great tripod legs for the amateur photographer who wants a little bit more quality!	Based on BrandXYZ' Generation ll C-series n6 Tripod , the new Generation C-series M8 Tripods use updated QIHM-8X technology, providing 20% greater strength. Magnesium and Carbon materials are used to produce a tripod that's 10% lighter you'll appreciate it when working in the field. it is certainly the professional photographers' best choice. BrandXYZ Mg-Carbon M8 C-257m8 Tripod features individual leg angle adjustments, Magnesium Die-Casting,a reversible center column with spring loaded weight ...
19822	Best Buy for SOHO	I have had other Brother laser printers, always finding them an excellent buy. The HD-5340D continues this trend with high speed printing, duplexing and excellent black/white graphics capabilities for high volume home or small business use. When these printers are available at special pricing, the 'bang-for-the-buck' is very high. You might be able to find higher quality printing or faster speeds, but for general production work this printer is a work horse and will be very hard to beat. You will not go wrong with the HD-5340D.	The HL-5340D is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices. It offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp, high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution. The HL-5340D features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead. Optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets. For lower...
19823	Good, Solid Black and White, Duplex Laser Printer	I have about a thousand pages through this machine now and it has done well. If you need a simple black and white printer that automatically printson both sides of the paper it is a great deal. Prints very fast on single sided and reasonably fast still on double sided printing. Sharpness is good and documents look nice. Software interface is simple to use but offers a lot of features. No intrusive software like HP which is a real pleasure. This is the second Brother printer I have in my office and I like them both.	The HL-5340D is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices. It offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp, high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution. The HL-5340D features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead. Optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets. For lower...
19836	I would recommend to anyone. Very nice printer	I just bought two of these for my fraternity, and have had no problems with either. They are very easy to set up. It took about 10-15 minutes for each printer. For the price these printers are awesome. I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a good laser printer.	The HL-5340D is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices. It offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp, high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution. The HL-5340D features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead. Optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets. For lower...
19843	Great printer, great price	I have used a Brother in my home based business and when it needed extensive repairs I bought this one because it works great and the price is wonderful! The old one didn't owe me anything when it died and I expect this one to perform even better.	The HL-5340D is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices. It offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp, high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution. The HL-5340D features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead. Optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets. For lower...
19844	Still waiting for Shipping :<	I still waiting for shipping from Amazon, I ordered the print since last week, but amazon still not ship yet, I already waited it 5 days, I hope amazon will ship it tomorrow! I hope it will be a great print! I'm looking forward to see it!!!!	The HL-5340D is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices. It offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp, high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution. The HL-5340D features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead. Optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets. For lower...
19824	Great Printer, Gonna Last	First off, at the current price (199), buy the instead. It is the same printer at the same price with one added feature: wireless. When I bought my printer, it was on sale for 130. Anyway, this review should apply equally to the HL-5370DW. Need I say the printer is great? I needed to print 600 pages the first time I used it, and it spit them out like bugs bunny with turrets. The duplex feature saved me a lot of paper! Second, I don't think this is mentioned anywhere so I'll point out that the printer comes with a FULL TN620 toner and drum. This means you will get up to 3,000 pages before even buying your first toner! Set up was a breeze. You don't even need to run the included CD. Just connect the printer, Microsoft's found hardware set up will quickly find the driver for you. run the set up and install! Troubleshooting Advice #1: As another reviewer noted, however, using 3 hole pre-punched paper caused jam after jam until I figured out how to fix it: tape the paper guider thingees on the top of the printer (the two dangling pieces on top of the printer just above the roller over the output tray - sorry for the dearth of technical knowledge). I think its supposed to prevent paper curl, but all it does is cause paper jams! Unfortunately, it cannot be easily removed without breaking it off so I just lifted it up using tape (I just used the blue tape that came with the printer) and presto, no more paper jams! This is a nice alternative to simply not using prepunched paper as the other reviewer suggested. I'd rather leave some tape on my printer than have to manually punch holes in 500 sheets! Troubleshooting Advice #2: Every time I started my computer 8 pages spit out of the printer with the error message 'USBCBIOS'. If anyone else has this problem, it is because you are using an outdated USB 1.0 printer cable. There is an easy fix: use a USB 2.0 printer cable. By the way, the only CON with this printer is that a USB cable is not included in the box. But like most people, I have a million of these things lying around anyway. So, overall, saves time and money. Worth every penny!	The HL-5340D is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices. It offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp, high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution. The HL-5340D features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead. Optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets. For lower...
19825	Works great execpt.	The Printer documentation was very good; everything was included except the cables. The printer works great except when trying to print multiple pages on pre-punched paper in duplex mode. The first page or 2 worked OK but then the paper would become misaligned for the second side of the page. The fix is to not use pre-punched paper. On regular 20 lb paper it works for 100 pages in duplex mode. However, we're happy with our new printer! Norm and Diane	The HL-5340D is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices. It offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp, high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution. The HL-5340D features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead. Optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets. For lower...
19828	Brother HL5340D Laser Printer	I read the reviews on this printer before buying it. I had always bought HP printers in the past, but I did not want to spend a fortune on a new laser printer and duplexing was a plus. When I saw the price AND that this printer does automatic duplex printing, I was pretty well sold. I took advantage of Amazon's free shipping so delivery of printer was a little slower than it would have been if I had used (expensive) air shipping (about 5 working days). The printer was very easy to setup and does a creditable job of printing. It is slightly slower on the first page than my old HP LaserJet 1300, but still acceptable. The only problem I am having is in USING DUPLEXING with MS Word 2002. For some reason, two copies are always printed. This has happened so far ONLY with Word. Acrobat documents do not exhibit this problem, nor does printing from the Web. As Word 2002 is "obsolete", I have had no luck finding a driver that cures the problem. Not a biggie... This printer is an excellent value.	The HL-5340D is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices. It offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp, high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution. The HL-5340D features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead. Optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets. For lower...
19829	Excellent bw home laser printer for the price	I've had this printer for a month now and can only say good things about it. It's far better than my old HP100 laserprinter in print quality and was simple to install. Great printer for the price. I have it installed with a USB cable connection, so can't speak to the wireless option.	The HL-5340D is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices. It offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp, high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution. The HL-5340D features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead. Optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets. For lower...
19830	LOVE it!!!	No longer needing a color printer with very expensive cartridges, I replaced it with this. It is a joy. No ongoing loud noise like my former printer, small footprint, fast, great printing, etc. I had used Brother Printers before and liked them, but this one is the best. Fills all my small office needs.	The HL-5340D is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices. It offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp, high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution. The HL-5340D features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead. Optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets. For lower...
19865	Holy *%&$!!! It's 7 feet across!!	I'm an early adopter, so pretty much as soon as I saw this monster at the new price point (Mits' first 82" rear projection debuted at $21,000!!!) I knew I was going to have it. I'm about two weeks into ownership, upgraded to BluRay at the same time, and couldn't be happier. I've read some reviews that complain about the "new improved" control protocol, and it is different from older models, but is still very instinctive and easy to figure out. Now that I have, it IS an improvement. The mystery to me is how Mitsubishi can maintain such magnificent detail and color intensity on such a massive picture. I upgraded from an early model JVC 61" 720-line, and the picture is not only much richer and more detailed, it's nearly twice as large! Love it, love it, love it! And by the way, Blu Ray ROCKS and this 82" is the perfect TV to show it off. We "debuted" with "Master and Commander" and even my non-tech-geek wife was blown away! Update: I'll leave the rating as-is because the TV is everything the reviews says, but the add-on is, Mitsubishi's customer service (using the term loosely) totally sucks. Nothing was wrong with the function of the TV, except that there was transfer of adhesive material from the clear polyvinyl chloride protective tape used for packaging to the surface of the viewing screen which non-abrasive soap and warm water wouldn't remove, plus as I removed the tape it took some of the black paint off the metal frame around the viewing screen. Getting this evaluated/reviewed and the repair authorized and completed (still not done at three weeks and counting after the one week it was supposed to take) was an absolute nightmare. Hint to Mits: The early adopters like me who pay the first-on-my-block prices for your latest gizmos are pretty much used to having things our way. Even with our support your products can fail, but without our support it's impossible for your products to succeed. Treat us like crap and you don't get a second chance. The amount of crap I've had to go through for a minor problem that was 100% the result of how you packaged the TV when you shipped it to me is unforgivable, and the attitude of the "regional manager" who basically told me I was SOL on the paint the tape tore off the frame shouldn't be in a customer contact position.	With picture perfomance that outpaces todays smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 inches to 82 inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
19866	Great buy	I've had the WD-82837 for over a month and the picture is very good. It displays dark scenes with great clarity. Blue ray discs will blow you away. The best TV I have ever seen. The sound is good enough for most viewing but you should have a sound system to really enjoy movies and many of the programs offered on TV. Can't beat the price for a large screen. We sit about 13' from the screen and could sit a little closer. I found the height you set the TV is critical. The picture degrades if your eye level is not near the vertical center of the screen. The horizontal viewing is reasonable, so viewing off center is good. The adjusting of the standard features, contrast, color, sharpness etc. went well but the two advanced screens ADV1 and ADV2 are a complete mystery to me. I would realy like to get some info on this. Like many features that are there to "help" you, Net Command is a pain. My cable box has one HDMI output and one component output. Often when I switch from using my receiver (which uses the HDMI connection) to getting the signal directly from my cable box (which uses the component) the 1080 feed from the cable box is changed to standard 4X3. The only way I can account for this is Net Commands "help". Over all I think it is the best bang for the buck and would recommend this as a great buy.	With picture perfomance that outpaces todays smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 inches to 82 inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
19867	THIS IS A BIG TELEVISION	I had this delivered to my home in August after preparing the space in my family room. My major point of contention is acquiring a proper stand to hold and enable easy manipulation and connections of components (you will want to play with connections) which was not cheap. However that aside the television is great clear high definition up to 1080p resolution, plenty of connections, many adjustments that can be made that why you should have your stand on wheels. There was no manual except you go online and print it. Over all a great price for a big television but try to do 3D and you might need to get a loan. This is not for your average setup spend the money and do a home theater hire a professional and you will be glad it is money well spent. A great display. It also uses less energy than my 50" plasma and better than a projector because you can watch it for hours on end without a concern for bulb life and noise. You can find discounts online to make it worth your hard earned money.	With picture perfomance that outpaces todays smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 inches to 82 inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
20439	Great Product	I first bought product in the Brown and loved it. I was with a friend who also had a kindle 2 and I ended up giving him the Cole Haan Peebble Cover with the hinge. I then bought it again in Black and it is just a great product. I is durable, nice looking, and most of all it really protects my Kindle. Any marks that I get of the cover I just wipe them off and I am good to go. I highly recommend this product to anyone looking to get a Great Looking Cover. Make sure you get the one with the hinge, it is a great part of the cover..It keeps your Kindle secure.	With nearly 80 years in the business and hundreds of points of distribution in the U.S., BrandXYZ is one of America's premier luxury goods brand. Founded in 1928 as a collaboration between Trafton Cole and Eddie Haan, BrandXYZ epitomized artisan quality and impeccable craftsmanship during a time when style was everything. Originally, BrandXYZ was a men's footwear label that captured the essence of the 20s spirit with beautifully-designed and well-made shoes for the dapper gentleman. Today, Brand...
19894	Girlfriend loves it.	Super small, cute, colorful. Data contact slides in and out. Appears to be of good build quality and reliability.	Great design and peace of mind, at a price you can afford: that is BrandXYZ's mission. BrandXYZ prides itself on a 70-year history of creating innovative products that embody our spirit: to capture, protect and share the most valuable moments of daily life. Whatever the technology or media, BrandXYZ commits to providing hassle-free, secure and stylish solutions that make technology easy to use and satisfying to the consumer. Style and attitude are part of the BrandXYZ brand values. Our products ...
19895	Super thin and super cool	And at the risk of sounding super cheesy, this flash drive is super small! The flash drive is just over an inch long and it's very thin. It's the kind of thing that's so small, someone like me could easily lose it, BUT... there's this handy cord that attaches to the drive, so you can attach it to something, like an agenda book or key chain. I'm also a sucker for red, and this is a very pretty, candy-apple kind of red! I've bought a couple of EMTEC flash drives this past month and I have to say, so far I am impressed. Works like a charm and looks great!	Great design and peace of mind, at a price you can afford: that is BrandXYZ's mission. BrandXYZ prides itself on a 70-year history of creating innovative products that embody our spirit: to capture, protect and share the most valuable moments of daily life. Whatever the technology or media, BrandXYZ commits to providing hassle-free, secure and stylish solutions that make technology easy to use and satisfying to the consumer. Style and attitude are part of the BrandXYZ brand values. Our products ...
20440	Leather cover	Some folks protest that they like the feel of a book and that the Kindle doesn't have it...with this cover - it does. I've seen and handled several Kindle covers and this one is by far the best. It's comfortable and easy to handle. It does not get in the way. BTW, it looks great!	With nearly 80 years in the business and hundreds of points of distribution in the U.S., BrandXYZ is one of America's premier luxury goods brand. Founded in 1928 as a collaboration between Trafton Cole and Eddie Haan, BrandXYZ epitomized artisan quality and impeccable craftsmanship during a time when style was everything. Originally, BrandXYZ was a men's footwear label that captured the essence of the 20s spirit with beautifully-designed and well-made shoes for the dapper gentleman. Today, Brand...
20441	Very good item.	This Kindle cover is very good. It is rich looking and makes the reading experience much better. Feels like you are holding older book.	With nearly 80 years in the business and hundreds of points of distribution in the U.S., BrandXYZ is one of America's premier luxury goods brand. Founded in 1928 as a collaboration between Trafton Cole and Eddie Haan, BrandXYZ epitomized artisan quality and impeccable craftsmanship during a time when style was everything. Originally, BrandXYZ was a men's footwear label that captured the essence of the 20s spirit with beautifully-designed and well-made shoes for the dapper gentleman. Today, Brand...
19913	Expensive, but solid quality.	I run a quad monitor setup, typically off a Dell box. Historically I was using a GX280 box, and recently upgraded to an Inspiron 546 running Windows 7 Professional. I am always looking for the cheapest solution, so historically ran twin video cards, each with dual monitor capability. On the GX280 (which was running Windows XP), this was never a problem. I ran one ATI and one NVIDIA card (ATI in PCI-E slot, NVIDIA in PCI slot) and they operated flawlessly. However, when I tried to duplicate this setup on the Windows 7 box I ran into huge hardware conflict issues. Part of the problem, I think, is that as graphics performance has improved rapidly running a 2nd video card through a standard PCI slot has become a real bottleneck. The graphics processing demanded by Vista and 7 is simply too intense to be handled through old-school PCI, it really needs PCI-Express. So, with a heavy heart, I had to suck it up and begin looking for a quad-monitor capable PCI-E card. There aren't a lot of them out there, and most of them that are available are absolutely massive power hogs, requiring systems with 400+ watt power supplies (i.e. see Sapphire cards, awesome capabilities for about $250 but need huge power). For me, it came down to a choice between this ATI Firepro card and a competing NVIDIA card. The ATI was slightly cheaper, and the NVIDIA had a slight performance edge. The first thing you will find is that it is virtually impossible to find raw benchmark performance data for this Firepro 2450. ATI has not made it available. The bad news is that the card is not even close to bleeding edge. It only generated a 3.1 Windows Experience Index score on my computer for "Graphics" (i.e. Windows Aero desktop performance). This is a pretty low score; the 3-year old ATI card in my laptop, for instance, generated a 3.6 on this index. However, if you're not a gamer or running 3D apps on your PC the performance should be more than sufficient. I use my PC for work (financial services), so run a combination of trading applications, standard video, etc., and have never had any performance issues with the card. It runs plenty quick for my needs. Other pluses. Power usage is very, very low. Reliability is rock solid. ATI typically updates its driver and software packages once a month so bugs are caught and fixed quickly. Another plus, you can run your quad outputs to either VGA or DVI. My old dual-card setup always forced me to use VGA outputs, and although VGA is a lot better than it used to be, I will say hands down that moving to DVI has been a huge plus. It can't be beat. A couple of negatives. The Catalyst Manager software package is OK, but not great. Several of the "functions" that the ATI website says exist actually are not available (for instance, setting up a hotkey to snap applications to a given monitor). Also, I discovered a bug where the software doesn't interface well with a few Microsoft Office 2007 applications. I have spoken with tech support, they are now aware of these bugs, and are working to implement a fix on a future release. This brings up my final point. One of the benefits of buying a $400 video card is that you get very, very good tech support (much better than ATI provides on their "consumer" cards). The tech support team is responsive, and is always there to help.	The BrandXYZ FirePro 2450 Multi-View workstBrandXYZon graphics accelerator represents BrandXYZ's Multi-View series for true enterprise-level multi display solutions. BrandXYZ's Multi-View cards have been deployed into mission critical environments at some of the largest enterprises in the world. The Multi-View's stability, reliability and direct support provide these companies the peace of mind needed to ensure the smooth functioning of operBrandXYZons.
20382	Sandisk 32GB ULTRA II SDHC SD Card	To date, the Sandisk 32GB ULTRA II SDHC SD Card is the largest SD Card available for space-conscious users. This card will work well for simple powershot cameras, recorders, mp3 players, and much more. In fact, we use this card specifically with a . Unfortunately, this model is 15MB/s, which is rather slow for higher-capacity devices, like the . When using this device, we used to get the message, "Memory Card Slow." However, after switching to a faster card, such as the 30MB/s, which is offered at 16GB: , our recorder worked perfectly. Note that most electronic devices will not encounter slow-errors, but the possibility was worth mentioning.	When speed really matters, serious photographers choose BrandXYZ Ultra II SDHC. So fast, you'll never miss a shot. So rugged, environmental conditions are never a problem.. This card is perfect for advanced photographers who require high-performance cards to quickly shoot many high-resolution images. It is ideal for photos of moving cars or trains, sporting events, sprinting animals or any other event that requires fast snapshot and recovery time.In advanced cameras, these cards have been develo...
20383	San Disk sdhc class 4 card for use in hd camcorder	I used this card in my canon vizio HD camcorder. I had only great video and pictures with no problems at all. I would recommend this card highly for anyone wanting to use it for video or still photos.	When speed really matters, serious photographers choose BrandXYZ Ultra II SDHC. So fast, you'll never miss a shot. So rugged, environmental conditions are never a problem.. This card is perfect for advanced photographers who require high-performance cards to quickly shoot many high-resolution images. It is ideal for photos of moving cars or trains, sporting events, sprinting animals or any other event that requires fast snapshot and recovery time.In advanced cameras, these cards have been develo...
20384	Lots of room & dependable too	I've never once had any issues with any sandisk cards. Never had any pictures or videos lost. I bought this because I intend to increase the amount of video I shoot. I thought the price was right for the quality I've always gotten.	When speed really matters, serious photographers choose BrandXYZ Ultra II SDHC. So fast, you'll never miss a shot. So rugged, environmental conditions are never a problem.. This card is perfect for advanced photographers who require high-performance cards to quickly shoot many high-resolution images. It is ideal for photos of moving cars or trains, sporting events, sprinting animals or any other event that requires fast snapshot and recovery time.In advanced cameras, these cards have been develo...
20397	Rokinon, Samyang, Vivitar, Opteka, etc.	I have the Rokinon version of this lens. It is great! I use it on a Nikon D700 and have compared it with the Nikon AF 85mm f/1.4 (which I had rented for a weekend to test) and I much prefer this lens to the Nikon. When I used the Nikon AF version, I found myself having to manually focus to get the plane of focus just where I wanted it and so decided I really didn't need to pay extra (almost a $1k more) for the AF feature. So the only thing that would make sense for paying more was if the Nikon's Image Quality was significantly better... it wasn't. In fact, at f/1.4 (which is where you will be shooting this lens 99% of the time, else why buy an f/1.4 lens) I found the Rokinon/Opteka to be sharper and have more contrast than the Nikon. There are a lot of reviews to be found on the inter-net for this lens. Some express concern for obtaining a good "copy". I am sure this lens is not as consistent in its build quality as Nikon is, but I got lucky right out of the chute with my first one. It is amazingly sharp, mechanically sound, and the IQ is just what I needed it to be (bokeh is wonderful). Bought mine through Amazon from Cameta Camera. Great store with quality customer service. For the price, you really can't go wrong.	The BrandXYZ 85mm f/1.4 Manual Focus Lens is an ultra-bright lens with a maximum aperture of f/1.4. Although you can only use this lens in manual focus mode, it is fully compatible with the automated features available with digital SLR cameras. It is compact and lightweight, and offers the ideal focal length and bright aperture for use as a portrait lens.
20398	Does not meter on a D90	Actually - it's a fine lens. I tested it on the D100 and FE and it was lovely. My only (HUGE) problem is that on a D40, D40x, and D90 the lens does not meter. This is actually a Nikon issue - they crippled these cameras on MF lenses - but it makes using a fine lens like this a PITA. So while it's an awesome lens, Nikon Digital consumers who opt for consumer level Digital SLRS are stuck with the more modern Nikon lenses. Shame on Nikon!	The BrandXYZ 85mm f/1.4 Manual Focus Lens is an ultra-bright lens with a maximum aperture of f/1.4. Although you can only use this lens in manual focus mode, it is fully compatible with the automated features available with digital SLR cameras. It is compact and lightweight, and offers the ideal focal length and bright aperture for use as a portrait lens.
20399	POLAROID T1234	I bought this camera on Black Friday for less then $50 from Target. It appeared to have all the bells and whistles of more expensive cameras. I am not a fan of the camera case color which is really pinkish not magenta which should be reddish. The gals will love it. Most functions are easy to use, but you should attach that wrist strap because the camera is small and slippery. It will take pictures in HD and movies in a You-Tube format. The screen size is a nice 3", but if you take movies and pictures in HD format, it crops the screen. A fluke that I found when taking movies is that the sound mutes when you zoom in or out. My experience with cameras this size is that zooming was not allowed when taking movies. I talked to a Polaroid rep and said they muted the sound because you would hear the zoom lens motor noise. Otherwise the sound and picture quality is good for most users. I am still "playing" with the camera, but for the most part, it is a great value.	The BrandXYZ t1234 12mp Digital Camera makes taking pictures easy and fun, but also gives you all the features you need to get professional results. Features a built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery that lets you shoot well over 150 photos on a single charge. Plus, you?ll enjoy other features that make every picture perfect including anti-shake image and video, dynamic contrast enhancer, panoramic stitching, face tracking, smile detection, blink detection. Use the included USB cable to transf...
20400	Fully Competent Monitor	Ever since upgrading my motherboard (AMD 5600+) and video card (Nvidia GeForce 8600), I've been thinking about getting a new widescreen monitor to replace an old 17" Samsung SyncMaster 713v. This became even more important when I started editing HD video and digital photographs. Then two weeks ago I picked up an LG GGW-H20L, a combo Blu-ray writer/HD DVD-ROM drive. I had to upgrade my monitor. I wanted a slightly larger display but, more importantly, one with full 1920x1080 HD resolution. Since this is a desktop monitor, I was looking for something 20-22". This monitor has a simple base which pivots up and down a few degrees. It has an analog VGA input and a digital DVI input and comes with a VGA cable but no DVI cable. Both inputs work well with the 8600 but I've set the analog to a TV switch box. The controls are neat--touch sensitive with an option to light up the controls when your finger approaches. The only bad part is it is difficult to read the labels. Some of the options are good: 1 or 2 hour reminder, color temperature, and separate RGB controls. Some are not too useful: Auto Bright, Photo Effects, and Gaussian Blur. For the actual monitor performance, I have to say it is excellent for the price. I've watched parts of Blu-ray and HD DVD movies, edited and viewed some HD movie material, and did some photo editing. The monitor performed admirably with all these. Finally, I calibrated the monitor using Spyder2PRO and the default levels were a bit off. The calibrated image is outstanding!	The 53 series utilizes BrandXYZ?s award winning f-engine, as well as refresh rates as low as 2ms, 1080p Full HD resolutions* and dynamic contrast ratios of up to 50,000:1 ensuring that image quality is life-like and colors are accurate ? making the 53 series perfect for high definition video or gaming applications. Further enhancements on the 53 series incorporate the ?Smart Package? suite of intuitive convenience features including cinema window, eye-fine timer, automatic-brightness,
20401	Great monitor but no HDMI	I bought this monitor knowing that it would do full 1080p resolution but didn't realize until i got the monitor and realized it didn't have an HDMI input only DVI. Isn't much of an issue but i had to find an extra DVI cable since i didn't have one laying around like i did with the HDMI. I can't figure out how to get the FORTE manager to work to set user preferences i'm not sure why this is the case. Other than that i haven't been disappointed with its performance	The 53 series utilizes BrandXYZ?s award winning f-engine, as well as refresh rates as low as 2ms, 1080p Full HD resolutions* and dynamic contrast ratios of up to 50,000:1 ensuring that image quality is life-like and colors are accurate ? making the 53 series perfect for high definition video or gaming applications. Further enhancements on the 53 series incorporate the ?Smart Package? suite of intuitive convenience features including cinema window, eye-fine timer, automatic-brightness,
20402	Should be zero stars	I bought a 2gb and 4gb flash drive by Emprex. Neither would allow the full capacity to be used which should have warned me but the real clue that Emprex was junk was when BOTH failed. Last Emprex product of any kind I buy.	Store and access large amounts of data, MP3 music, videos and digital pictures with this BrandXYZ PD330 USB 2.0 Flash Drive! The BrandXYZ PD330 features 4 GB capacity and a high speed USB 2.0 interface! Slim and stylish, this PD330 flash drive is easy to carry wherever you go! Plus, it does not require any external power to operate. Simply plug and play via any USB port!
20403	They Havn't Gotten It Right...	I have to say that this product was a love-hate relationship but ended up being boxed back up and returned. I've been spending quite some time researching a good speaker system for my office and this model came up. It's a new model (Sep'09ish) and was purchased in October and very few places have reviews out for this let alone pictures (thanks to the person who submitted photos on Amazon!). The looks of this system along with the touted quality side of this is what sold me. I come from an audiophile up-bringing so I will say that my ear is a bit more tuned and I have certain expectations on sound. My first computer speakers were Altec Lansings and by far the best speakers on the market at the time let alone I got a lot of "wow" out of them. I've owned most brands of computer speakers (Logitech's top of the line, Creative's, Klipsch) and saw these and thought they'd be perfect for the style of my office (very modern). I opened them up, set them up accordingly, plugged them in and powered them up and immediately hear the familiar hiss that my first Altec's had had (their only fault) in '98. I kept thinking "there's no way a model this expensive and new would be like this" and changed everything from the inputs (removed the 3.5mm jack all together) to the placement of the speakers (shielding issues, etc) and still the same hiss all the way until you turn the volume down to zero. At max volume there is an electrical hum that, yes, you definitely will not hear this is you have music playing, but it's noise, and noise in my books is a no-no. I wanted to love these speakers but looks cannot out weigh their performance. With this, I'll be moving on to a much more expensive option, reference monitors and balanced audio, yes a little bit more money but worth it. For a cheaper solution then this, i would recommend the M-Audio AV40's. The Pros: - Beautiful Modern Look - Simple Hook Up - Easy-to-use Volume Controller - Sound Quality is "Ok" to the casual listener The Cons: - Consistent Hiss even at near-off levels - Electrical High-Pitch Hum at near max levels (no sound playing) - Proprietary PS/2 Style Speaker Plugs Making it Difficult to Do Extensions if Need-be	The Expressionist Ultra puts you in the heart of a sonic tsunami. Exhilarating waves of sound flow at you from five digital amplifiers powering five separate drivers. The long-throw 6-1/2-inch subwoofer pumps out seismic bass and the precisionmatched mid-range and high-frequency neodymium speaker drivers deliver exceptionally accurate, full-spectrum sound. This uniquely designed 3-piece, 200 Watt powerhouse is one serious audio system that will take your music, movies and games to a whole new li...
20405	Better than expected	I still have an old Dell computer that I'd bought in 2002-2003. The speakers that came with it were made by Altec Lansing, and even today, they sound better than most of what you'll hear in the <$100 category. Listening to several other brands in the $90+ category (including Bose), they all SOUNDED like computer speakers. I'd been waiting for Amazon to carry these and when I saw them last week, I immediately ordered them. They showed up on Friday and I held my breath, hoping that they actually sounded as good as expected. I plugged 'em in, fired them up and was VERRRRY pleased. In addition to the sound, they really look great- even better than the pictures. They look like small trophies on my desk. The high end is just a tad more than I'd like, so if you don't have a graphic equalizer, you might want to upgrade your sound card to tweak it. While these speakers ended up costing $50-60 more than the models I'd listened to (except for the Bose, which cost MORE than these), the sound of these speakers is off the charts in comparison. It doesn't cost that much more to go first class, and the quality of the speakers far exceeds the price. If you have a demanding, fickle ear, and you want speakers that don't sound like computer speakers, I suggest you give these a shot.	The Expressionist Ultra puts you in the heart of a sonic tsunami. Exhilarating waves of sound flow at you from five digital amplifiers powering five separate drivers. The long-throw 6-1/2-inch subwoofer pumps out seismic bass and the precisionmatched mid-range and high-frequency neodymium speaker drivers deliver exceptionally accurate, full-spectrum sound. This uniquely designed 3-piece, 200 Watt powerhouse is one serious audio system that will take your music, movies and games to a whole new li...
20406	Incredible sound for the money!	I am a long-time fan of Altec Lansing and have bought three of their systems. This new one is outstanding in every respect- looks great, excellent mid-range and bass with plenty of power. Shopped around pretty carefully and could not find anything better in this price range. Highly recommended.	The Expressionist Ultra puts you in the heart of a sonic tsunami. Exhilarating waves of sound flow at you from five digital amplifiers powering five separate drivers. The long-throw 6-1/2-inch subwoofer pumps out seismic bass and the precisionmatched mid-range and high-frequency neodymium speaker drivers deliver exceptionally accurate, full-spectrum sound. This uniquely designed 3-piece, 200 Watt powerhouse is one serious audio system that will take your music, movies and games to a whole new li...
20407	I would look elsewhere	I bought a set of these recently after testing for a few days I had to return it. The main factor I had to return it was the hum/hissing noise from the speakers. They are not from my soundcard as I disconnected them and the hum is still there. I tried to move them to different rooms using different power outlets, the noise stayed the same. These noise are very noticeable as they are louder than my computer fans. I called Altec Lansing and their tech support told me it was normal. And from what I can find, I'm not the only one complains about this. Other issues: - the speakers are connected using non standard wires. - the control is not very intuitive to use - sound quality is sub bar, well, it's OK compare to my old Logitech z560, but it starts to crack/pop when I turn up the volume. Apparently, pretty much all computer speakers at $200 range are mediocre. I finally decided to spend some extra money and got Blue Sky's MediaDesk 2.1, which is simply amazing. Yea it's 3 times the cost of this speaker, but I think it worth every penny.	The Expressionist Ultra puts you in the heart of a sonic tsunami. Exhilarating waves of sound flow at you from five digital amplifiers powering five separate drivers. The long-throw 6-1/2-inch subwoofer pumps out seismic bass and the precisionmatched mid-range and high-frequency neodymium speaker drivers deliver exceptionally accurate, full-spectrum sound. This uniquely designed 3-piece, 200 Watt powerhouse is one serious audio system that will take your music, movies and games to a whole new li...
20404	A really good 2.1 desktop speaker system	I needed to replace my old 2.1 desktop speaker system with something new and improved. After searching and reading reviews I got Altec Lansing's MX6021. Here's my thoughts after having played around with it for a few weeks. Placing my order online the box arrived a few days later. I opened up the original box and noticed that the system was packaged really well. The sub-woofer's driver was covered over with a heavy piece of plastic. Then the entire sub was covered in plastic. The satellites were packaged the same way. The wired remote control, RCA adapter and audio cable were wrapped too. The entire system is then housed in heavy styrofoam. There's also a complete setup diagram located on the box. It's nice that Altec Lansing went to that much trouble with the packaging. What you get... 1 - sub-woofer with a 6.5" driver with a paper cone, foam surround and a forward firing vent hole. 2 - Satellites have a 1" aluminum horn tweeter driver. A 3" midrange driver with a paper cone and a foam surround. 1 - Wired remote that controls power, treble, bass and volume. It also accomodates 1 headphone and 1 auxiliary input. 1 - 3.5mm audio cable to connect your computer or audio device to the sub-woofer. 1 - RCA adapter to connect to a TV. 1 - Safety instructions and warranty card The sub-woofer is made of particle board and feels very solid. The midrange on the satellites are housed in plastic tube canisters. The tweeters are housed in plastic too. Each driver has it's own protective cover to keep your fingers out. Inspecting a little closer I noticed that the sub-woofer and satellites have rubber feet. The sub-woofer has four large ones in each corner and the satellites have three. Two up front and one large one in the rear. Even the wired remote has four small ones. The satellites and wired remote are all hard-wired. The sub-woofer has the AC cord hard-wired also. The plugs themselves are a proprietary ps/2 type mini-din except for the 3.5mm audio cable. You plug in the satellites, wired remote and 3.5mm audio cable into the back of the sub-woofer. Plug the other end of the 3.5mm audio cable into your computer or audio device. Then plug the sub-woofer into the AC outlet. Hit the wired remote to turn the system on and your done. Btw, all of the connections are good and tight. This includes those leading to the back of the sub-woofer, headphone and auxiliary inputs. It's nice to have a 2.1 system with a small foot print and a wired remote. However, that doesn't make for a good sounding system. I tested the MX6021 while playing games, listening to music and watching movies. Gaming with this system is simply awesome! You've got the highs from the tweeters for those high cracking sounds. The mids from the midrange when tweeters and a sub just ain't enough. The low lows from the sub-woofer for the boom boom effects. I really like the fact that the sub-woofer's speaker and vent are front firing. You can put it in any corner or tuck it away and still have the speaker and vent facing forward. Music is pretty good and better than average. I mainly play DTS and FLAC files and I like what I hear. The system is not reference monitor quality costing hundreds more, but adequate for what this system is and how much it costs. Movies pretty much fall into the same category as gaming. Great for a 2.1 arrangement, but certainly not equal to a 5.1 system or greater for ambiance. With a signal to noise ratio of 75db the system can pull a maximum of 200watts. You have the ability to get alot of sound out of these. However, you can get a great deal of clarity too. Having seperate amplifiers for seperate drivers helps. This means you can send different frequencies to different drivers at the same time. At higher volume the drivers won't drown each other out. Tuning in the bass is no problem either. You can have a little or alot. When I say alot I mean alot! These speakers have the ability to shake walls and windows if given a chance. For a desktop system I was really impressed. The wired remote is very interesting. You can control the entire system from here. This includes the power, treble, bass and volume. The treble and bass buttons act as toggle switches. Hit one or the other to activate then adjust accordingly. You can fine tune or rapidly adjust all three functions depending on how long you hold down the adjuster. There's also audio, visual and sense feedback for all three functions. The remote makes a slight clicking sound that you can actually feel when you make fine adjustments. Located at the base are these very tiny amber led lights. About the diameter of a sewing needle. They visually tell you what the treble, bass and volume are set at. The lights range from one to seven. Seven being the highest setting for these three functions. If you want to fine-tune then you can place the led's at half points. Lets say three and a half or six and a half or whatever. The led's will actually dim at the half point letting you know. During inactivity the led's loop through a five pattern led dance. Now I don't care much for large or bright led indicators on hardware. Luckily, the leds are neither large or bright. As long as the remote isn't sitting right in your face you won't notice them. There is also one headphone and one auxiliary jack located near the base. Overall, I found the remote very convenient and very easy to use. Warranty is one year parts/labor not including return shipping. You can get a free additional one year warranty if you register within thirty days. This can be done at Altec Lansings website. The MX6021 is a really good 2.1 desktop speaker system. Nothing about this system feels cheap or poorly made. It produces good sound with a quality build and excellent functionality.	The Expressionist Ultra puts you in the heart of a sonic tsunami. Exhilarating waves of sound flow at you from five digital amplifiers powering five separate drivers. The long-throw 6-1/2-inch subwoofer pumps out seismic bass and the precisionmatched mid-range and high-frequency neodymium speaker drivers deliver exceptionally accurate, full-spectrum sound. This uniquely designed 3-piece, 200 Watt powerhouse is one serious audio system that will take your music, movies and games to a whole new li...
20847	Very Annoying	I've had several INK'D skullcandy earbuds before and they all worked perfectly. However these earphones were very peculiar, the wiring is made up of some nylon or rope material. If they rub up against each other or with your clothes, they make a very annoying scratching noise that is very apparent while listening to music. I don't recommend these pairs of headphones if you move while listening to music. Any movement would cause the wiring to scratch up against your shirt or against each other to create a very annoying scratching noise. Even with the skullcandy's ability to cancel out outside noise, the scratching noise is VERY noticeable while listening to music. If you'd like to buy an INK'D earbud, buy the normal ones, not the paul frank's. Besides that, the sound is great and bass is substantial for such a cheap price like any other INK'D earbud.	Skullcandy SGINBZ-95 Paul Frank Scurvy INK'D Earbuds, Black/White
20418	Technically competent but noisy	First things first. This is the full retail package from Lite-On. It includes a silver bezel which is a really nice feature if you have a silver or aluminum case. In fact, it is one of only a couple Blu-ray drives available in North American with a silver bezel. It does include some OEMed CyberLink software which I didn't really check out, but it is fairly obsolete version 7.x which is surprising since this Lite-On product is pretty new. (The current CyberLink software is 9.x.) It also includes a SATA cable if you don't have one lying around. The cable is a basic, cheap one, and you will probably want to spring for one of the right length and with locking tabs on it. Next, unlike the freakish "photoshopping" of the picture that Amazon displays, it does have LightScribe, although I did not test this functionality. Technically, this is an 8X BD-ROM drive and 16X DVD+/-RW drive. Synthetic benchmarks that I ran showed it is at least this fast. It is noticeably faster than other 16X DVD drives that I have from Pioneer. Unfortunately, I am used to Pioneer drives. Compared to the Pioneer 5X BD-ROM drive, this is very cheaply made. To give you an idea, the Pioneer drive weighs over 35 oz while this item weighs just under 25 oz. Although the tray operation is quieter than Pioneers', it's case is thin, and it is loud. Even using Nero's DriveSpeed to slow it down to an 8X DVD, it is noticeably louder than a Pioneer at 16X when reading the majority of my media, which is DVD. When playing movies, the noise is a definite distraction and an ultimate deal-breaker. In the end, I went with the Pioneer because it is not only quieter but also a better looking drive, and I have plenty of silver bezels for those as well as Lian-Li aluminum case bezels. If pure performance is your bag, then this is a very technically competent drive and you get LightScribe features over comparable offerings. If you don't care about the silver bezel, get the OEM version which is cheaper (but does not include the bezel or the cable or the software) because the software is worth passing on.	When you want a reliable Blu-Ray player, BrandXYZ's IHES208-08 Blu-Ray Disc Reader is your safe bet to quality performance. This powerful SATA Half-Height internal Blu-ray disc reader comes with a multitude of reading capabilities and is a DVD+/-R, DVD+/-RW, DVD+/-R DL, DVD-RAM, CD-R, CD-RW writer; plus DVD-ROM, CD-ROM combination drive. Not to mention, it supports BD-R, BD-RE, BD-ROM single or double layer read and a double layer DVD+/- R9 recording function. The BrandXYZ IHES208-08 Blu-Ray Dis...
20419	Ripoff? - No Speed Improvement	Disappointed to find it rips Blu-Rays at same speed as 4x drive. If this is your use, save your money and buy a slower drive. The bottleneck is clearly drive speed.	When you want a reliable Blu-Ray player, BrandXYZ's IHES208-08 Blu-Ray Disc Reader is your safe bet to quality performance. This powerful SATA Half-Height internal Blu-ray disc reader comes with a multitude of reading capabilities and is a DVD+/-R, DVD+/-RW, DVD+/-R DL, DVD-RAM, CD-R, CD-RW writer; plus DVD-ROM, CD-ROM combination drive. Not to mention, it supports BD-R, BD-RE, BD-ROM single or double layer read and a double layer DVD+/- R9 recording function. The BrandXYZ IHES208-08 Blu-Ray Dis...
20435	Best Bag in the World	Aloha Pockets Galore! Mini version of the wildly popular Man-Bag in Japan. Everything fits perfect like a bento lunch box; you can actually forget where you had put your things. When I first received the bag, I thought the carrying handles and the shoulder strap was a bit overkill, but it worked very nicely distributing the weight of the gadgets you might have. Quality and workmanship is A-1 solid. Please remember that this city bag is only sized for a Kindle(2 and DX) or 10 inish type of netbook. I'm looking forward for Nomadic or Senyx to carry more of their product line. There is nothing else like it! I love my bag!	The Vertical Tote / Cross Body Messenger Bag with Padded Shoulder Strap is the ultimate protection for your valuable netbook. In addition to netbook protection, the Vertical Tote / Cross Body Messenger Bag with Padded Shoulder Strap accommodates other accessories such as charger, PDAs, mouse, camera, mp3 player, wallet, etc. You can either carry the bag by the handle as a tote or on your shoulder with the padded shoulder strap that provides extra comfort in addition to the light-weight of the ba...
20437	Great!	All the issues the customers originally had with this item seem to have been resolved with the new version. The leather is great, it fits perfectly in the hinges, and it covers the kindle entirely. Great product! Worth every penny.	With nearly 80 years in the business and hundreds of points of distribution in the U.S., BrandXYZ is one of America's premier luxury goods brand. Founded in 1928 as a collaboration between Trafton Cole and Eddie Haan, BrandXYZ epitomized artisan quality and impeccable craftsmanship during a time when style was everything. Originally, BrandXYZ was a men's footwear label that captured the essence of the 20s spirit with beautifully-designed and well-made shoes for the dapper gentleman. Today, Brand...
20438	Best Kindle Cover Available!	Without question, this is the best Kindle cover that I have seen this far. The leather is soft and supple while the lining is a very nice suede. The quality of this cover is absolutely unrivaled. This cover is in an entirely different category from the cheap, low quality cover that Amazon pushes on their website. Totally recommend this Cole Haan cover!	With nearly 80 years in the business and hundreds of points of distribution in the U.S., BrandXYZ is one of America's premier luxury goods brand. Founded in 1928 as a collaboration between Trafton Cole and Eddie Haan, BrandXYZ epitomized artisan quality and impeccable craftsmanship during a time when style was everything. Originally, BrandXYZ was a men's footwear label that captured the essence of the 20s spirit with beautifully-designed and well-made shoes for the dapper gentleman. Today, Brand...
20442	If you own a Kindle 6" GET THIS COVER!	When I bought my Kindle (6"), I got the standard Amazon cover. It was not long before I was looking for something a bit ... nicer. I bought the Cole Haan Hand-Stained Smooth Leather Kindle Cover and was delighted by the construction. No cheapo corner clips; it attaches on the side with a strong metal clasp! I bought the cover for the look and feel, but a few months in, I keep the cover on for much much more. I'm so thankful the cover takes all the abuse and not my Kindle! Don't get me wrong, the cover still looks and feels GREAT, but I am SO GLAD I have the Cole Haan cover protecting my Kindle! The inside is soft leather with a little pocket for your business card (nice). The Kindle screen could not be more protected. The cover also flips back "behind" the Kindle (if you want) making it disappear when you are reading. Seriously, if Cole Haan made a cover like this for the 9" Kindle, I'd buy the Kindle DX in a blink! That's how much I like this cover!	With nearly 80 years in the business and hundreds of points of distribution in the U.S., BrandXYZ is one of America's premier luxury goods brand. Founded in 1928 as a collaboration between Trafton Cole and Eddie Haan, BrandXYZ epitomized artisan quality and impeccable craftsmanship during a time when style was everything. Originally, BrandXYZ was a men's footwear label that captured the essence of the 20s spirit with beautifully-designed and well-made shoes for the dapper gentleman. Today, Brand...
20443	Beautiful, but will need to be broken in...	I bought this at the same time I purchased my Kindle 2 about nine months ago. Similar to other experiences I've had with Cole Haan products, the leather cover is understated, high-quality, and gorgeous. My only complaint is that there is a weird little pocket on the inside of the cover, which looks only big enough to hold something the size of 5-7 business cards. In addition to this being relatively useless from a functional standpoint, it prevents the cover from laying flat. Granted, this is more of a nuisance than a serious problem. I know it's leather and it has to probably be broken in over time, but I haven't had the patience to do that so far. I also have reservations about setting a couple of heavy books on top of an electronic device with a huge e-ink screen just to flatten out the cover. In conclusion, if you have the time to break this thing in (read: baseball glove), then I think it's perfect. If you want something functional and much more economical that works right out of the box, I'd recommend the Belkin neoprene case. I bought this one for more recreational outings (read: beach, pool) and it has become my go-to case.	With nearly 80 years in the business and hundreds of points of distribution in the U.S., BrandXYZ is one of America's premier luxury goods brand. Founded in 1928 as a collaboration between Trafton Cole and Eddie Haan, BrandXYZ epitomized artisan quality and impeccable craftsmanship during a time when style was everything. Originally, BrandXYZ was a men's footwear label that captured the essence of the 20s spirit with beautifully-designed and well-made shoes for the dapper gentleman. Today, Brand...
20448	Fast, excellent output, easy setup	I bought this all-in-one because my other printer is not a copy-capable printer and we need that capability. I did some research and finally decided on the Epson NX515 after reading several reviews. So far I have been very pleased with it. I have a couple of small gripes but nothing that cannot be overlooked. The NX515 is actually a relatively small printer, taking up a little less space than any of my previous printers. It is also lightweight and easy to move should there be a need. Setting up the NX515 is simple. There is a quick-start guide that explains the process of configuration and it makes the set-up almost foolproof. From the time I opened the box to the time I had a working printer that was producing output was less than 15 minutes, and there were no confusing or difficult steps in the process. The only negative about the setup is that Epson, like almost every other printer vendor, does NOT include a USB cable in the box. The cost of a USB cable is actually only a couple of dollars (they're a high-profit item) so including one would not break the bank. If you do no have a spare USB cable available and you wish to direct-connect this printer, be sure to pick one up before trying to set up. Once configured, the NX515 is a very capable printer. It has the fastest print speeds I have ever seen in an inkjet, printing faster in standard mode than I have seen most printers print in draft mode (for standard text - does not apply to photo printing). The quality does not suffer either and is excellent. I was pleased to see than this printer does not produce the banding I have seen in Epson printers' output in the past. The control panel for setting up copying is very easy to read and very easy to navigate. It is very simple to change copy parameters and the instructions in the panel are straightforward. I have not used the scanning capabilities of the NX515. One feature I wish was available, even if it required buying an attachment, is automatic duplex printing. My other printer handles duplex printing with ease and requires no intervention at all. The NX515 does duplex printing but it requires manual intervention. This is a minor inconvenience, not a deal-breaker. Epson has produced a very nice all-in-one in the NX515. The setup is simple and the print speeds are absolutely stunning. It is by no means a perfect device but it is an excellent product at an excellent price (approximately $110 at the moment). If you need a printer that can handle scanning and copying while producing beautiful prints, give this printer a close look.	Be smart and simplify your life with the BrandXYZ Stylus NX515 all-in-one with built-in Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking. Share one printer to print, scan or access memory card slots1 from anywhere in your home - all without wires. The NX515 prints up to 2x faster than competitively priced models2, with maximum print speeds of 36 ppm black/color and laser quality speeds of 15 ppm black and 9.3 ppm color?. With the NX515, you get remarkable results every time. Print outstanding documents and amazing...
20497	Top notch! No complaints	I ordered this for use with a Gigabyte GA-MA785GMT-UD2H motherboard. So far so good. I have NOT tried overclocking at all. Construction, and quality are first rate.	BrandXYZ's AMD Editon Low-Voltage kits are optimized to leverage the AM3 platform for an enhanced real world computing experience, particularly beneficial for enthusiasts, gamers, and professionals whose systems demand superior compatibility. Featuring a low-voltage specification, the new AMD optimized memory will be an excellent way to future-proof your system with impending CPU voltage limitations on the next generation platforms. Each module is 100% hand-tested for quality assurance and compa...
20498	Exellent Memeory	OCZ3P1333LVAM4GK DDR3 PC3-10666 Platinum AMD Edition Memory Module, It is wonderful to use it with Asus M4A785TD-M EVO, Amd Phenom II X3 720 Black Ed & any Media PC Case you like...Now I am using it with my 65" tv after I put them all together,not any problem at all and You will love it...	BrandXYZ's AMD Editon Low-Voltage kits are optimized to leverage the AM3 platform for an enhanced real world computing experience, particularly beneficial for enthusiasts, gamers, and professionals whose systems demand superior compatibility. Featuring a low-voltage specification, the new AMD optimized memory will be an excellent way to future-proof your system with impending CPU voltage limitations on the next generation platforms. Each module is 100% hand-tested for quality assurance and compa...
20499	Works perfectly - as RAM should	All I want from RAM is for it to be compatible and boot a new PC build right out of the box. This memory did exactly that and performs very well. Phenom II X4 955 ASUS M4A79T Deluxe	BrandXYZ's AMD Editon Low-Voltage kits are optimized to leverage the AM3 platform for an enhanced real world computing experience, particularly beneficial for enthusiasts, gamers, and professionals whose systems demand superior compatibility. Featuring a low-voltage specification, the new AMD optimized memory will be an excellent way to future-proof your system with impending CPU voltage limitations on the next generation platforms. Each module is 100% hand-tested for quality assurance and compa...
20500	Fast, Stable, and Low-Power	I'm currently running 4GB in my GA-MA790XT-UD4P motherboard with a Phenom II 945 (3.0 GHz, 95W TDP version). It runs completely stable at 1333MHz, 7-7-7-20-1T, and I was able to turn the voltage down to 1.6V (the minimum offered by my motherboard). I plan on upgrading to 8GB in the future, as others have posted success with this combo on the OCZ Technology forum.	BrandXYZ's AMD Editon Low-Voltage kits are optimized to leverage the AM3 platform for an enhanced real world computing experience, particularly beneficial for enthusiasts, gamers, and professionals whose systems demand superior compatibility. Featuring a low-voltage specification, the new AMD optimized memory will be an excellent way to future-proof your system with impending CPU voltage limitations on the next generation platforms. Each module is 100% hand-tested for quality assurance and compa...
20501	Good visible mute	I primarily use my Cardo S640 to do teleconferences during my commute. I spend most of my meeting time on mute, so it was important to me to have an easy to operate mute button. The mute is set by holding down the volume button for a couple seconds. This is a little awkward. (I would prefer to have a separate button.) But while it's on mute, there is a mute indicator light, which is wonderful. I usually attach it to my seatbelt, which works well. But I find that it doesn't work too well to wear it if you have a buttonless shirt. It clips okay, but because it is vertical, you can't clip the earbud in the microphone piece. It's nice and compact -- when I'm not using it, I just stuff it in my jeans pocket.	clip-on bluetooth headsetClip headset to your shirt- and then either wear the attached wired earbud in the ear- or tuck it into the clip. The headset will also buzz or vibrate when there's an incoming call. Rated talk time of 6 hours and a standby time of about 6 days.
20506	2 ink cartridges of the 5 were only 1/4 full	I checked the capacity of the cartridges on the computer after installing them and 2 of the cartridges were only 1/4 full. I ran out of these 2 colors in 2 weeks. The other 3 were OK and they all printed well. I didn't need these colors until the 30 day warranty was past. I wanted to talk to someone at Amazon but I couldn't find a phone number. The one phone number I found was for purchasing things but it told me to call another number with a charge of over $3.00.	Claria high-definition ink for long-lasting photos comes with unsurpassed richness, depth and clarity.
20510	Not going anywhere . . .	I wanted a wall mount that would give peace of mind that my TV was securely attached to the wall, and that is exactly what I got. The Premier Mounts website is impressive in that it asks for your TV model and then displays recommended mounts to accommodate the weight and features. It was a little difficult and time-consuming to install (I used my general contractor) but, in the end, I'm pleased and know that my TV is not going anywhere!	The Entertainment Series by BrandXYZ offers a lower profile and thinner design than conventional flat panel wall mounts. The Entertainment Series represents the company?s ongoing commient and dedication to offer consumers new and innovative solutions to enhance their viewing experience with HDTV flat panel displays.There is truly more to HDTV entertainment that just selecting an HDTV display. In order to bring HD entertainment to life, wall mounting of an HDTV display is critical to ensure the o...
20502	Perfect for those who wear glasses	After trying and being disappointed by the many of the Bluetooth devices out there, I found this Cardo device listed for those who wear glasses. Many devices have a clip that secures the device on the ear and it doesn't fit well when you have your eyeglasses already occupying the area behind your ears (feels like wearing two pairs at the same time). The in ear type devices tend to be difficult to secure so they don't fall out, or very uncomfortable to wear for any extended period of time. My ears tend to be sensitive so they don't like having anything crammed in there for even short periods of time before becoming unbearable. The main advantages I have found on the S-640 are: 1. The device clips on your shirt when not in use. I usually clip it on my polo shirts between the buttons, clip the microphone into the holder and tuck the cord away inside the shirt. 2. The battery life is excellent. My Blackberry is usually dead way before the Cardo is, and I get between 1 and 2 days worth of use between charging. Since the device is relatively inexpensive (less than $30 on Amazon with shipping), I have bought two and simply take one off the charger in the morning and plug the other one in, so I have a fully charged device every time before leaving my office each day. 3. Since the microphone is below your face instead of being located on the ear, I have found that the voice quality is much better than other devices tested (some friends have this so I have experienced this device from both sides). Most people can't tell if I am using the handset or the Cardo. 4. The device appears to be rather sturdy since I have dropped mine several times on my driveway and it has taken quite a bit of abuse without breaking. 5. The sound quality is excellent. The #1 complaint about Bluetooth devices is that they are not loud enough. On my Blackberry 8330, I usually have it on level 7 or 8 in my car (out of 10) and it is plenty loud. 6. The range of the headset is impressive. I can leave my BB on my desk in my office on the second floor of my house and can roam the entire second floor and large part of the first floor before static sets in. I would say you can use this trouble free 30 feet away without any issues. 7. It charges very quickly, when empty it is usually fully charged in about 90 minutes or so. A car charger is not available from Cardo, but I have found them on Ebay and various sites for about $5. The disadvantages I feel are minor but they are: 1. It would have been nice to charge this with a mini USB (or micro USB or any standard connector), which is the most common complaint on this device. 2. There is no noise canceling so it picks up wind noise very easily. When I drive, I have to make the A/C vents blow away from my face. Outside it will pick up wind noise because there is no windscreen on the device. I have found that the solution to this is to flip the device around and have the microphone face my shirt. It appears to kill any wind noise without muffling my voice. People I talk to don't seem to notice the difference except the wind noise is gone. 3. Because it is on the front of my shirt, it occasionally gets snagged if I brush too close to something. Not a major issue, but something watch out for because it can get left behind when snagged. The earpiece is very comfortable and I can wear it in my rather sensitive ears for several hours without any discomfort. It sits very securely and I don't have any problems with it falling out. Since this device appears discontinued and is getting difficult to find, I'll probably stock up on a few spares since this is the only BT device I have found usable.	clip-on bluetooth headsetClip headset to your shirt- and then either wear the attached wired earbud in the ear- or tuck it into the clip. The headset will also buzz or vibrate when there's an incoming call. Rated talk time of 6 hours and a standby time of about 6 days.
20503	Great Design, Excellent sound, Good Battery life	I've tried a number of various brands Bluetooth; each has some kind of problem, the fit, the weight, sound quality or battery life. This one, in comparison, is the best. First, the earpiece fits well and very light, the sound quality is good on both sides of the conversation, and battery life is not bad at all. Unlike the common one-piece head sets, which require one to hang the entire device from their ear, this ear bud is much lighter, because the clip-on piece has the microphone, the rechargeable battery, and everything else that make it work. In addition, you don't have to leave it in your ear all the time, the clip piece has a built in ringer, so you can wear the ear bud only when you answer a call. Pairing was very fast easy, same goes for turning on/off, or changing the volume. Two minor cons: the power button on the ear bud needs some use-to, and the charger is not the universal mini USB, it has an unusual extra small rounded plug, which means you have to bring it with you if you want to use the headset, plus a car charger in addition to your phone's chargers. One star off for these cons. Over all, this is a good product and better than any one-piece Bluetooth I've ever tried.	clip-on bluetooth headsetClip headset to your shirt- and then either wear the attached wired earbud in the ear- or tuck it into the clip. The headset will also buzz or vibrate when there's an incoming call. Rated talk time of 6 hours and a standby time of about 6 days.
20504	FANTASTIC INK	Are they cheap ? No there not ! But here is the thing. they really work wonderful. Bright , rich, smudge waterproof and ultra fast drying ! Of course these ink refills cost more because they supposedly give you more ink. frankly, I am rather insulted. they are they exact same size of the low capacity cartridges that came with my 800. So what do they do actually fill them to the top when you purchase these. All these printer companies , just completely rape the consumers for they're cartridges. I am well aware this is not a revelation . I am just venting on the topic. I was thinking about trying the refillable cartridges and ink being offered, but every time I get involved with those refill systems it turns into a mess leaking ink, well you know the rest. I believe that they put the cartridges under vacuum when they are filled and then some design feature prevents the simple act of refilling the factory cartridges. I have noted that other reviewers of Epson photo printers , report that they are ink hogs. I have just began using my printer and the ink emptied very fast, but the instructions do say that the first time you put ink through the printer 50% is used just to prime and purge the air from the system .I also purchased the Epson ultra premium paper and that also in not cheap, but 50 8 x 10 prints for 25 bucks. I really cant bitch to much at that. The high quality ink and paper make all the difference in the word. You can also greatly extend the ink by turning down the printing quality. for you general run of the mill snaps this is fine. Since it is a digital file , you can always elect to print a premium version of the picture later ( the miracle of digital photography ) I have been printing ultra premium art photo studies and I could not be happier with Epson products.Not to beat it into the ground , not cheap, but the products really deliver and besides no firms premium inks or paper is cheap. But it sure beats paying between 8 -10 bucks for a singe 8 x 10 print.	Claria high-definition ink for long-lasting photos comes with unsurpassed richness, depth and clarity.
20505	Epson Ink Cartridges	Very happy with seller and product. Will buy from them again. Thank you so much.	Claria high-definition ink for long-lasting photos comes with unsurpassed richness, depth and clarity.
20513	Outstanding NAS	I purchased the DS209+ and installed two 2TB drives, great media server but I soon ran out of storage space. I really like the Synology product that I was using but needed to grow. I purchased the DS509+ and installed 5 2TB discs. Setup was same as 209+, very easy. The performance of the 509+ is outstanding. I use as a media server, high definition video. A very nice piece of hardware with all the software supplied in the package. Media server(video, music, and photos), print server, backup software, and web server software (that I have not used). Highly recommend for anyone looking for a media server with speed and ample storage.	BrandXYZ Disk Station DS509+ offers PC server equivalent performance for efficient data sharing and backup. Its high performance coupled with sophisticated BrandXYZ Disk Station Manager 2.1 provides an ideal solution for cross platform sharing, secure server backup, Windows ADS integration, business mail server, and corporate surveillance. The plug-n-use BrandXYZ DX5 easily expands the DS509+?s storage capacity up to 10 hard drives on the fly. BrandXYZ Disk Station DS509+ supports various volume...
20514	ONE STOP BACKUP solution	AWESOME!!! does everything you expected and even more... kinda pricey, but worth every penny... amazing heat performance, SOLID build! cant say enough good stuff about it!	BrandXYZ Disk Station DS509+ offers PC server equivalent performance for efficient data sharing and backup. Its high performance coupled with sophisticated BrandXYZ Disk Station Manager 2.1 provides an ideal solution for cross platform sharing, secure server backup, Windows ADS integration, business mail server, and corporate surveillance. The plug-n-use BrandXYZ DX5 easily expands the DS509+?s storage capacity up to 10 hard drives on the fly. BrandXYZ Disk Station DS509+ supports various volume...
20515	Awesome product!	I am very pleased with this NAS. The set up was fast, my RAID 5+1 was built quickly, and the GUI is one of the best I've seen - with an incredible number of options and bells-and-whistles. I just found out that it now supports ISCSI with a firmware update. Simply awesome.	BrandXYZ Disk Station DS509+ offers PC server equivalent performance for efficient data sharing and backup. Its high performance coupled with sophisticated BrandXYZ Disk Station Manager 2.1 provides an ideal solution for cross platform sharing, secure server backup, Windows ADS integration, business mail server, and corporate surveillance. The plug-n-use BrandXYZ DX5 easily expands the DS509+?s storage capacity up to 10 hard drives on the fly. BrandXYZ Disk Station DS509+ supports various volume...
20516	Usefull and easy to use.	A very useful product that is well made and sturdy. This product is a joy to use with my SB800's and it is well built and can take a day in the field on location as easy as a day in the studio. In fact I might just need to buy one or two more of these. Best of all is how easy this tri-flash is to use, after a day with Photoshop CS4 and a day or two with the Nikon D700 camera manuals I can not tell you how much I enjoyed something simple that did not make me feel like a total dummy ten times before I got it right.There are cheaper ones out in the market but don't throw your money away, they break easy and this one is made to last. D. Turner Starlite Studios	The TriFlash is a unique bracket to allow photographers to attach up to three flash guns on to one light stand. The bracket also features an umbrella socket so the gun(s) can be used with or without a shoot through or reflective umbrella. Whether you are looking for increased overall power or a quicker recycling time with the guns on lower power, the TriFlash will be a valuable addition to your kit.
20517	Love the metal clip holders on the shoe mounts	The metal clip holders on the shoe mounts work well when the TriFlash is tilted. I use cheap Cactus V4 radios that don't have a locking mechanism between my SB800 and the Lastolite TriFlash Head Shoe mount. The metal clip holders keep my flash units from sliding off the shoe mount.	The TriFlash is a unique bracket to allow photographers to attach up to three flash guns on to one light stand. The bracket also features an umbrella socket so the gun(s) can be used with or without a shoot through or reflective umbrella. Whether you are looking for increased overall power or a quicker recycling time with the guns on lower power, the TriFlash will be a valuable addition to your kit.
20518	Genuine Kyocera comsumable	Genuine Kyocera toner cartridge. Comes with two used toner disposal tanks and serveral plastics bags to dispose of old toner cartridge and filled toner disposal tanks.	Laser - 34000 Page - Black
20524	Great travel tripod... Solid and small!!	I did a lot of research about a small travel tripod and for the money this is a great tripod (don't think that I said for the money because it is cheap). Comparing it to tripods that cost $200 to $300 more it's hard to believe that this is such a nice piece of equipment, but it is! I could only look at the more expensive "Name brand" tripods on camera stores so when I ordered the Benro I wasn't sure what I was getting. All worries were removed when I got the tripod, I set it up all the way extended and it is solid, solid... Maybe not as solid as a 20lb tripod, but almost no movement, etc and it is small!!! Great carrying bag comes with it, a very solid build quality! Like others said the ballhead isn't the greatest, but I bought the lower end ballhead version so I can replace it later, but overall it works good to lock down my Canon 50d and my 100mm Macro, 28-135 or my 18-50mm 2.8 glass! I just got back from vacation and used this tripod to take some sunset pictures on the beach on a windy day the tripod wasn't moving at all, great sharp pictures and it was solid. So if you have read all the other reviews and are still wondering (like I was) it is a great small and solid tripod...	The BrandXYZ TRA169 Travel Angel Aluminum Tripod with BH-0 Ballhead is a professional-quality tripod that has lightweight, highest quality aluminum alloy legs for top performance at an economical price. In addition, magnesium is used for all die-cast parts. Despite its lower weight, magnesium is more rigid than aluminum, and has the same strength per volume. Travel Angel tripods are easy-to-carry so you?ll want them with you at all times. Travel Angel?s unique 180 degree foldover design allows t...
20525	A nice and solid tripod	the construction is rock solid. it's light weighted when carrying around. overall it's a good buy.	The BrandXYZ TRA169 Travel Angel Aluminum Tripod with BH-0 Ballhead is a professional-quality tripod that has lightweight, highest quality aluminum alloy legs for top performance at an economical price. In addition, magnesium is used for all die-cast parts. Despite its lower weight, magnesium is more rigid than aluminum, and has the same strength per volume. Travel Angel tripods are easy-to-carry so you?ll want them with you at all times. Travel Angel?s unique 180 degree foldover design allows t...
20553	great headphones	these have excellent quality and are very comfortable. although they aren't technically noise canceling, very little ambient noise gets through. you do not get a carrying case like it says in the description however.	The BrandXYZ K 172 HD high performance headphone is a must have when you desire a high-end personal listening experience from nearly any audio device. Deisgned to deliver the ultimate in BrandXYZ performance - high-output sound and the widest, distortion free frequency response - they are the designed for the highest, distortion free output possible, making them a perfect companion for a professional DJ. With an on-ear, closed back design that sits comfortably on the ear with ultrasoft velvet ea...
20526	Surprisingly good and affordable light tripod	I ordered this tripod to replace one from a manufacturer that rhymes with Hogan :-) Figure it out. LOL. Pros: --Weighs in at 2 lbs 4 oz. --Extends to 67" from ground to platen. --19 inches collapsed, so it can fit in a backpack (with a few inches sticking out) --Padded booties on the upper most segment... a joy for walking around with the tri in your hand. --3 Lockable leg positions. Narrow, wide, and super wide for getting the tripod near the ground. --*invertable stem*! Just unscrew the stem in the middle, pull it out, invert, screw back... and HELLO... you have a tripod for doing close-up macro shots! --Separable stem- can unscrew lower portion and leave it off... so you can collapse the tripod down near the ground. --3 leg segments. While it limits how short it'll be once it is collapsed, you can extend/retract fewer segments faster (i.e., 9 clips vs. 12 for a 4 segment design) --Head can adjust pitch by about 300 degrees, roll/tilt by about 90 degrees, and 360 yaw**(with caveats, see cons) --Ability to hold a Canon T1i *with* a 200mm lens fully extended without droop. --Has liquid-level. --Hackable: most parts on it have obvious ways of removing/dis-assembly using screws or threads rather than being punched or welded in place. If you're creative you may be able to do some interesting things with this feature. In my case, I unscrewed and drilled the plastic cap at the bottom of the stem, installed a J-hook, and pow! I can now hang my camera bag from it. My other tripod is well constructed, but quite a few of its components look like they've been welded or heavy-pressed in place... so no dis-assembly and therefore diminished mod-ability. Cons: --Yaw is the most odd part of the design. There is a 1mm hex screw that locks yaw in place. If you loosen this, you can have "free-er" yaw, but on mine, its still very tight even with the hex bolt removed. If you adjust the yaw clockwise while holding the stem, its fine, if you adjust yaw counterclockwise the head unscrews (unless you torque it down really tight which I don't want to do). -Platen lock mechanism: There is a plastic pin in there thats designed to assist in mounting the cam. It'll hold the latch open until the platen is dropped in. Mine is already wearing and has failed. Not a big deal... I just hold the latch open before I mate the platen into the head, but I think the design for this can stand to improve... at a minimum change the plastic pin to an aluminum one. Summary: If this was a $200+ tripod, I'd give it 4 stars given the cons. For a sub-$100 tripod, it easily earns 5 stars. You want a portable, sturdy tripod, here it is.	BrandXYZ Sprint Pro II Tripod in Gun Metal With Quick Release Ball Head & Case.
20527	I agree with Persepolis' review	Totally agree with Persepolis' review, so I'll add just a few extra comments. Pros: -Aluminum construction. This means solid, jitter-free construction versus overpriced, plastic-construction tripods from Best Buy. I just shake my head at the Best Buy tripods. -Amazingly portable due to its low mass and collapsible, 3-section leg design. Cons: -The lowest leg sections are thin and small (diameter-wise). Great for reducing weight, but bad for stability. I recommend extending the smallest section last. -A little unstable when fully extended. I'm 6'2", and to get the tripod to a comfortable height requires full leg extension and almost full extension of the stem. While vibration dampening is still good, the tripod has a tendency to twist about the center axis. So I rarely use it fully extended. I just extend the legs, leave the stem almost the entire way down, and squat to the viewfinder. :-/ -No pan. I know it's a ball head, and Slik doesn't claim it can pan. But it would be great to have pan as well since I love to shoot multiple-image panoramics. The ball head either allows several degrees of freedom (untightened) or none at all (tightened).	BrandXYZ Sprint Pro II Tripod in Gun Metal With Quick Release Ball Head & Case.
20528	Dawson Approved	Just wanting to throw an amateurs point of view out there. Makes it incredibly easy to get the shots I wanted and a lot faster than my previous tripod. One of my favorite features is the ballhead. Also, it feels really sturdy and doesn't wobble even when fully extended. The only thing that would have made it better is a fiery red color. That is all.	BrandXYZ Sprint Pro II Tripod in Gun Metal With Quick Release Ball Head & Case.
20551	nice headphone, good bass, not as precise as the Shure	I will say these are very nice headphone, comparable to my Shure E2c in the mid-range. I think the Shure has better clarity (more precision) in the high-end, but the AKG definitely have more, stronger bass, which is one of the main complaints for Shure owners. However, I like the comfort of the optional moldable foam on the Shure better. Haven't try to see if the Shure foam will fits the AKG. One thing for sure, these can be found for much less elsewhere, even with Amazon's 10% discount ($72).	When you want a really personal listening experience, the BrandXYZ K 321 in-canal headphones are the perfect choice. First, they deliver true BrandXYZ performance - high-output sound and excellent frequency response - from virtually any portable device, including iPhone. But they improve the listening experience by naturally blocking out ambient noise by using a closed-back, ear canal design. With the three different size silicon sleeves that are included, a perfect fit in nearly any ear sized i...
20552	Great !	These have excellent sound quality just the way AKG is known for. High treble and thumping bass. Personally I think this particular set of headphones have better sound quality than the Bose headphones, which I have used before. It doesn't use noise-cancelling technology but cuts out most of ambient noise so it should work very well in noisy environments as well.	The BrandXYZ K 172 HD high performance headphone is a must have when you desire a high-end personal listening experience from nearly any audio device. Deisgned to deliver the ultimate in BrandXYZ performance - high-output sound and the widest, distortion free frequency response - they are the designed for the highest, distortion free output possible, making them a perfect companion for a professional DJ. With an on-ear, closed back design that sits comfortably on the ear with ultrasoft velvet ea...
20554	Great features, not exactly user-friendly	Pros: I have worked in stereo installation for about 15 years now. The Jensen VM8023HD is one of the more versatile head units I have dealt with in terms of peripheral connectivity. It has a connector for just about everything (2 RCA outs, 1 sub out, iPod, Satellite radio, 2 video outs, camera in). All of these connectors, though, do make it a bit bulky for install if you are short on room around the double-din unit. The sound is fantastic and very customizable. It is a very clean-looking unit that will certainly spruce up any console. It has a small DVD screen (only 4x3) but the picture clarity is great and I don't have any desire to watch DVDs in my car, so I doubt that functionality will ever be used. Cons: Once installed, the challenge sets in. Almost every button on the face has a different function based on source (tuner, sat radio, etc) and WITHIN each source, most are at least dual-purpose based on how many times you hit the button or for how long. I have had mine installed for 3 days now (I know, not a long period of time), but I am still at nearly the same loss for how to navigate it as I was when I first turned it on. Overall: Rating is a 3 of 5 stars due to the convoluted interface. It performs as hoped, but getting there can be a battle!	DVD/CD receiver with internal amp (17 watts RMS/40 peak x 4 channels) * HD Radio tuner built-in * plays MP3/WMA files recorded on CD and DVD * includes J-Link iPod cable *
20555	Great replacement for stock radio in Honda CRV	Bought this to replace stock radio in my 04 Honda CRV and love the many functions- I can plug in my Sansa MP3 player easily, HD quality is excellent (though a bit disappointed in the HD station selections added but heck it's free!) and the DVD function is picture perfect clarity. The sound going to my 4 replacement Infinity 5022 speakers is wonderful! I don't know anything about installation so took it to my favorite local auto electronics shop where they did it for me in under an hour and for not much cost either. Interface takes some learning to get used to but once you have it up and running, the quality over stock stereos is simply night and day. My three small peeves are the slow load time when changing sources say from radio to disc (about 3-4 secs), the limited equalizer functions preset in the unit, and the fact that it does not have a cover or removable faceplate for added security. Overall though- I rated it a 5 for quality and functionality. About a week later, I also added on a Bazooka 6 inch subwoofer which I placed in the rear tub under the removable picnic table built into the CRV and the entire listening experience simply went from wonderful to fabulous!!! LOVE this VM 8023HD unit!	DVD/CD receiver with internal amp (17 watts RMS/40 peak x 4 channels) * HD Radio tuner built-in * plays MP3/WMA files recorded on CD and DVD * includes J-Link iPod cable *
20558	Good but not great	I bought this NAS to use with an Xbox hacked to run Xbox Media Center. I have an all mac household so buying a Lacie drive just made sense. I also have 2 separate Lacie d2 external hard drives. While this drive is fine as a simple NAS, it is billed as so much more. And when taking that into account, it is hard to give this a great review. Evaluating this only as a NAS it is decent, probably 4 stars. The read speed is fine accessing HD video on my xbox over a 802.11G network works fine. Write speeds are not as great. Transferring a 300MB files takes about a minute. So while it might not seem that bad, the "features" are where this really starts to fall apart. First, all of the setup must be done using a web browser. Lacie provides a taskbar program, but it does nothing except provide the link to the browser admin page. The bittorrent client is WORTHLESS. The only stats that it provides, or status, is the percentage complete. No speed, seeds, peers, NOTHING. Not to mention that to actually use the BT client you have to login to the NAS through a browser, then click on media, then click on bittorrent, then upload a .torrent to it. Why couldn't it just watch a folder named "Torrents" and download anything that enters? Also, the remote power feature is complete BS. It is billed as being able to turn itself on when a network devices is requesting it. And it does, as long as you are referring to using the taskbar app and clicking on Wake Up Device. Same goes for it turning off, you have to use the web interface and pass through 4 menus to click "shutdown" It is basically just a digital power switch. Thats all. I sound like I hate this, and I really dont. I just was not happy paying for features that do not exist. I was able to get a partial refund and keep it. But you might want to look elsewhere if those features are important to you.	The BrandXYZ d2 Network offers professional, reliable, central storage for instantly storing, sharing, and backing up from any computer on your network. Manage your home or small office network easily with this full-featured file server, recommended for networks with up to 50 users (15 at once). With the BrandXYZ d2 Network, you can share files among Windows, Mac, and Linux users thanks to its SMB and AFP protocols support, or connect remotely through FTP, HTTP, and HTTPS file systems. Get extra...
20559	THE MOST UNSTABLE DRIVE AND SOFTWARE CREATED	Do not even think about purchasing this drive. There are other that are much cheaper on this site and will do everything you want without crashing your computer. I have two computers, one with snow leopard and one with leopard, and the lacie drive software (that you HAVE to use) to configure the drive ALWAYS crashes. I haven't ever used it when it hasn't crashed. Time machine never works. I am an expert user and have configured the drive to the optimal specifications, and still nothing. You cant even change the default password from admin or else the drive will crash and you will have to do a hard reset. DO NOT BUY THIS DRIVE!!!!	The BrandXYZ d2 Network offers professional, reliable, central storage for instantly storing, sharing, and backing up from any computer on your network. Manage your home or small office network easily with this full-featured file server, recommended for networks with up to 50 users (15 at once). With the BrandXYZ d2 Network, you can share files among Windows, Mac, and Linux users thanks to its SMB and AFP protocols support, or connect remotely through FTP, HTTP, and HTTPS file systems. Get extra...
20560	Runs a bit hot but seems to be working well	Previously I had a 500GB Lacie Disk Mini which served me very well for a backup drive for 3 years until the circuit board fried. The only real issue I had with the Disk Mini (other than the frying) was the loud fans which continuously ran since there was no remote power-on/off. Well Lacie fixed the loud fans and the remote power on/off in the 1TB D2 however there are some caveats. I had my old Disk Mini unit sitting in a cabinet with my cable modem and router and it worked out fine. When I put the 1TB D2 in the same cabinet and did my first backup the unit over heated and shut itself down (I must say it was nice to receive the e-mail from the unit when it over heated -- a great feature) Since then I've had to move the unit outside of the cabinet and it has not overheated. Another advance in the D2 (over the Mini) is that you can remotely shut it down and start it up. The start-up function is nicely controlled from the desktop icon (in both mac and pc) however to shut it down you have to go to the unit's web page, click through several pages and then press a button -- but hey, they added the feature! Over all the 1TB D2 seems good I use it to back-up a windows vista laptop as well as a os x leopard laptop. However we will see if this circuit board will fry after 3 years of use.	The BrandXYZ d2 Network offers professional, reliable, central storage for instantly storing, sharing, and backing up from any computer on your network. Manage your home or small office network easily with this full-featured file server, recommended for networks with up to 50 users (15 at once). With the BrandXYZ d2 Network, you can share files among Windows, Mac, and Linux users thanks to its SMB and AFP protocols support, or connect remotely through FTP, HTTP, and HTTPS file systems. Get extra...
20577	Nice radio, the rest is just OK	This is an ambitious attempt at combining a clock radio, LCD picture frame, and an MP3 music player. It's very sleek and modern looking and is small enough to fit on just about any bedside table. Here are my observations: On the positive side- The radio is actually the most successful component with clear sound and a very good FM station auto-program function. On the not-so-positive side- The LCD screen is fairly low resolution, which means that no matter how good your photos are, they will look pretty mediocre on the little screen. The choices for clock/picture display are rather limited and the screen does not have a dimming function. The biggest drawback to this little clock is that there is no backup battery to keep the clock set in the event of a power outage. Overall, this one rates in the "close, but no cigar" category of clock/radio/photo frame/MP3 players.	BrandXYZ compact LED clock radio with 3.5" LCD display lets you view photos and listen to music from built-in FM radio, or from an SD card. Also includes preloaded relaxation music to help you fall asleep peacefully, and gentle wake with increasing alarm volume.
20561	Average on all features, but torrent client is the worst	I was very disappointed with the performance of this product. It's big, heavy, hot, make noise the old hard drives. It is easy to install, the interface is friendly but does not have many details. Worst of all, this product is that the torrent client stop download from time to time and you must restart the service to continue the download.	The BrandXYZ d2 Network offers professional, reliable, central storage for instantly storing, sharing, and backing up from any computer on your network. Manage your home or small office network easily with this full-featured file server, recommended for networks with up to 50 users (15 at once). With the BrandXYZ d2 Network, you can share files among Windows, Mac, and Linux users thanks to its SMB and AFP protocols support, or connect remotely through FTP, HTTP, and HTTPS file systems. Get extra...
20562	Works well with PS3. Solid and silent.	Works very well. I have 3 drives of this model in 1Tb, 1.5TB and 2TB All are fast and silent. If setup properly, the drives automatically share media with PS3 and PCs on your network. Best Lacie model i purchased in a long time.	The BrandXYZ d2 Network offers professional, reliable, central storage for instantly storing, sharing, and backing up from any computer on your network. Manage your home or small office network easily with this full-featured file server, recommended for networks with up to 50 users (15 at once). With the BrandXYZ d2 Network, you can share files among Windows, Mac, and Linux users thanks to its SMB and AFP protocols support, or connect remotely through FTP, HTTP, and HTTPS file systems. Get extra...
20571	More then just a headset!	I use headsets all the time. I've been through a few pair where the voice quality was less than stellar. Since I use these for business, quality is my utmost concern. I used these for the first few days and was thrilled. The call quality in this headset is awesome. You know when you ask the first few calls "how do I sound" everyone replied "perfect" Mission Accomplished, but it didn't end there. I strongly encourage using the software from Jabra. It is easy to install and use. The Jabra suite of tools made this an indispensible tool for me. I could link it to my cell phone. Now I can pick up calls from work or calls from my cell on the same headset instead of being that guy with two phones to both sides of his head. I often play music and audio recordings through my computer and adjust it when I am picking up a call. The Jabra suite allows you to mute the music automatically when a call comes through. No more fumbling to turn down my music. It's very comfortable to wear. The hand held adjustable volume control has easy to read and programmable controls which light up green or red. Green for pickup and red to disconnect. And they are programmable with the Jabra Suite so you can set up your cell phone or soft phone on it. My other headsets were cordless, and I was concerned about using a cord. The length is more than enough for me to walk around my desk and I don't worry about getting that battery chirp towards the end of the day. I expect other manufacturers to catch on to this Blue tooth integration. As for now- These are the best Headsets I have ever used.	The BrandXYZ BIZ 2400 Stereo Noise Canceling Duo USB corded headset supports exceptional acoustical sound performance, a 360 degree rotating boom arm which eliminates wire breakage, super soft ear cushions for enhanced comfort, and integrated Bluetooth support for mobile phones. The BrandXYZ BIZ 2400 Series features a cascade of improvements that pushes the envelope for the levels of audio quality, comfort and durability necessary for dealing with the special requirements in contact center and o...
20578	Affordable alarm clock radio works as a digital photo frame, but..	I have always wanted to have a digital photo frame. And I finally got a chance to use the Philips AJL303 LCD clock radio that can also work as a digital photo frame. It is an alarm clock radio that has a 3.5 inch color LCD screen and can play MP3 files from the memory card (SD or SDHC type). After the initial setup, the first thing I did was that I copied my favorite MP3s and pictures to the SD card since the Philips AJL303 does not have any internal memory to store music or pictures. As I expected, it plays my music and pictures flawlessly. You can listen your music while the slideshow is playing. The one thing I have not found so far is that I cannot make the slideshow going while the radio is playing. When the radio is playing, it only shows the frequency of the radio station and I cannot listen radio and enjoy pictures at the same time. So I mostly use this device as an MP3 player to see the slideshow at the same time. The size of the 3.5 inch screen is fine by me. I use a GPS and a PDA that both have a 3.5' screens. However the picture quality is little bit disappointing. Pictures look very rough and the saturation of the color is not satisfiable. I do not think it is because of the resolution (320*240). I have a PDA with same resolution and same size screen and my PDA shows far better pictures. I know that I cannot expect too much on a $60 device, though. The size of the analog clock is small and I wish there is an option to have an analog clock that is big as the size of the screen. From a distance, I hardly recognize the time, so I had to switch to a digital clock for better visibility. Also, if you are planning to use a microSDHC card with an SD card adapter, the Philips AJS303 might not read your card. I have many SD, SDHC and microSDHC cards at my home and the Philips cannot read one of my microSDHC card with an SD adapter made by Transcend. It reads all my SD and SDHC cards fine though. As an alarm clock radio, it serves its purposes. I love to wake up with the music I like and the reception of FM channels are just fine. The menu is not that intuitive, however, once you get the hang of it, it is OK to use. The lack of a backup battery might be the biggest drawback of this alarm clock radio with a digital photo frame. Once you lose the power, you should set everything again. Now, my 9 year old daughter is using the Philips AJL303. It seems like she really loves this and she does not have any plan to return this to me. If the Philips AJL303 has a backup battery and better picture quality, I would give 5 stars.	BrandXYZ compact LED clock radio with 3.5" LCD display lets you view photos and listen to music from built-in FM radio, or from an SD card. Also includes preloaded relaxation music to help you fall asleep peacefully, and gentle wake with increasing alarm volume.
20579	Nice little alarm clock but it does have its limitations	This is a nice little alarm clock. It serves its purpose well, that is to sound an alarm when you set it to. The other quirks are a little bit an overkill but with today's advancement in technology, who wouldn't welcome a feature or two? Once you opened the box, it contains the clock unit itself with the wire antenna dangling behind it, the AC adapter and the user manual. For the clock function, there's no learning curve to do, figuring it out quickly was a breeze. The clock display can be set on a digital or analog format where the default pictures will flash one by one. The font can also be set to different sizes, position and colors that can be adjusted to set against the background of the picture so you can see the time easily. I found this to be a very useful tool since the default's picture's overwhelming color contrast is either white or blue which makes it hard to read the time. Setting the color to amber solved this situation, the time can now be read clearly against the photo background. I wanted to test the alarm sound in real world situation and it produced a sound more than loud enough to wake you up and disrupt your sleep pattern which is great if it is to serve its purpose. It has a snooze button to silence the sound and the alarm can be set to different sounds. I also tested the SD card feature where I changed the default photos to the photos in the memory card and this feature was great! You can now flash your own pictures in random order set against the backdrop of the digital or analog display of the clock. The radio function is also kinda handy but don't expect any ear-pleasing sound, its just an ordinary sounding FM radio. You also have to set the wire antenna to receive decent FM reception. If you just leave it dangling, chances are, you're only going to get static. I also tried an SD card loaded with music and it read it flawlessly. One thing I found out that it didnt have was a back-up battery source. Once you unplug this clock, it will go back to its default setting and you have to set it again to your desired setting. They should have included a battery back-up feature to keep this clock running when the need arises to unplug it or there is a power interruption. Overall a great little alarm clock loaded with features but comes with its own limitations.	BrandXYZ compact LED clock radio with 3.5" LCD display lets you view photos and listen to music from built-in FM radio, or from an SD card. Also includes preloaded relaxation music to help you fall asleep peacefully, and gentle wake with increasing alarm volume.
20584	Nice clock radio - but missing some key features	Overall, I'd have to say that I really like this little clock radio - but I suspect it really won't fit the bill as an alarm clock for a lot of people. First off, here are the things I like about it: 1) For me, one of the most important features of a clock radio is being able to turn the backlight completely off at night (its amazing how bright these things can be in a dark room). This alarm has that feature and allows 4 steps of brightness, including completely off. 2) I like that I can put on my own photos and music with an SD card. 3) FM radio reception is good. 4) Sound quality is good for this small of a device. 5) Alarm is easy to turn on and off - although it is a bit of a pain to set a new wake time. Since there are 2 alarms, that covers me for weekdays with the other alarm that can be adjusted on the weekend. Here are the things I think should be improved: 1) There is an auto-dim feature that can be set to come on during a specific time of day. I really like that idea, but I couldn't get it to work at all - even when moving the alarm into a dark closet. 2) There is no battery backup, so the alarm won't go off in a power outage. The time does appear to stay set for at least a little while. 3) It would be nice if the alarm could be configured to only go off on weekdays (I got used to that with my previous alarm clock and it's a really nice feature) 4) I'm an AM geek, so I kind of miss that this doesn't get AM reception - probably not a big deal to most people. 5) Finally, I was surprised to note that you can't set the date format to month/day/year like we traditionally use in the US. The only options are year/month/day or day/month/year. As I mentioned before, this is really a nice little picture frame/clock radio - but it does have its limitations. I would recommend it, but not necessarily for use as an alarm clock.	BrandXYZ compact LED clock radio with 3.5" LCD display lets you view photos and listen to music from built-in FM radio, or from an SD card. Also includes preloaded relaxation music to help you fall asleep peacefully, and gentle wake with increasing alarm volume.
20585	Nice idea. Poor execution.	Perhaps I was expecting too much from the Philips AJL303, but I am very disappointed in it. I really don't know where to start because there is little about it I like. Everything from its functions, to its controls are poor. Starting with the basics, I find it useless as a clock radio. When the time is displayed on the low resolution 3.5" screen it's almost impossible to see due to the photo feature which is impossible to turn off. The tiny controls are all over the place. Some on the top. Some on the side. Some on the back. Some only accessible via the settings menu. The clock radio has no battery backup, so if your power goes out for more than perhaps a minute at most, the clock loses time and settings. It has no AM radio mode. Only FM, and 3 "relaxation" sounds. It can play your own music via an SD/MMC Memory Card though. If this was a $20 travel alarm, I might accept its poor design and limitations. Philips' own description says, and I'm quoting:"No matter what your alarm clock needs, the Philips AJL303 Clock Radio has it all". Well speaking for myself, I need an alarm clock that the time can be easily read, and has a battery backup or other assurance that it won't reset when the power goes out. I give the AJL303 2 stars for being small, lightweight, and making a decent travel alarm, or small low resolution digital picture frame.. As for it being an everyday clock radio, or "the clock radio that has it all", it's not even close.	BrandXYZ compact LED clock radio with 3.5" LCD display lets you view photos and listen to music from built-in FM radio, or from an SD card. Also includes preloaded relaxation music to help you fall asleep peacefully, and gentle wake with increasing alarm volume.
20587	Feature Rich!	Philips AJL303 3.5-Inch LCD Clock Radio reviewed here is full of features in a compact little unit, it has a nice bright LCD display and decent quality sound for a subcompact clock radio. As others have pointed out, the menu and the button layout is bit frustrating especially because there are number of buttons that needs to be pressed to get a particular task done. Dedicated button for each function would have been nice, like push a button Radio works, Push another for Photo slideshow. For example just to get radio going you need to use Menu key and navigate using arrow keys to get radio ON... you get the idea, poor ergonomics as buttons are located in odd places all around the unit. PROS [+] Feature rich subcompact unit [+] Bright LCD display [+] Plays MP3 files with Album art with ease! [+] Tons of transition effects for picture slideshow [+] Decent sound quality for a small unit [+] Can be programmed to turn ON/OFF display at specified times CONS [-] Poor ergonomics as buttons are placed everywhere [-] No battery backup for clock [-] Clock display is hard to see with pictures [-] Lightweight plastic construction Having said, the unit itself functions pretty well, I used a 2GB SDHC card and put about 10,000 pictures (resized to 320x240) it had no problems in displaying them, I also added 250 MP3 files and it was able to display Album art that is stored in MP3 files without any issues very nice!, the radio was able to auto program and store 20 presets automatically. The unit worked all night and never froze or reset and blended on the nightstand pretty well due to its shining mirror like finish. TIP: If you have an iPod you can batch convert iPod photo cache ithmb files to PPM using a tool known as "iThmbConv" then Google "IrfanView" to get a Batch Photo converter to resize all photos to 320x240 JPG files It is not a requirement to resize the photos but to save space on the SD card it makes sense to have smaller size files as the display is only 320x240.	BrandXYZ compact LED clock radio with 3.5" LCD display lets you view photos and listen to music from built-in FM radio, or from an SD card. Also includes preloaded relaxation music to help you fall asleep peacefully, and gentle wake with increasing alarm volume.
20591	A little computer with lots of features - and quirks	This clock radio is more reminiscent of a digital picture frame than what you probably have on your night table right now. With the power adapter being external (wall wart) it has a very small footprint; in fact it's so small and light you'll probably think of velcro'ing it down so it won't fly off the table when you grab for the snooze button in the morning. The stock pictures are a little off - unless you want to look at strangers or a barn, make sure to procure an SD card and a means to fill it: unlike the description says, the device does NOT have an USB port. Once you insert a card with pictures, you can display them in a slideshow (overlayed with a clock and a delay up to 1 day, nice!), or pick them to be shown when the alarm rings. There are two alarms that you can enable/disable quite intuitively by use of 2 dedicated alarm1/alarm2 buttons and the up/down/ok buttons to set the time. Sadly, there is no "weekday only" option, so you'll be adjusting twice a week. Any other settings for the alarm (like whether to play radio or one of a handful of built-in sounds or a song from the SD card) is menu- driven. The radio is quite good; the auto- scan found 20 stations in Manhattan and most sound clear. It doesn't display station names though, just numbers. Again, the downside is that in order to so much as turn the radio on, you have to go through the menu! There really should have been an extra "radio" button, and an extra "play from SD card" button. Conversely, there are dedicated tune up/down buttons, but who needs those when the stations are programmed? MP3 files play fine, although I wish there were playlists of some sort. There are two serious shortcomings that I need to mention: one, the sleep function is a pain. If you press the sleep button, there are only three nature sounds that you can select or exactly one (!) song from the card which is then played over and over. In order to play a few tunes while falling asleep (and I'm thinking this is the main reason one would want such a device...) you have to go through the menu, start the playback, THEN press the sleep button. This is a major pain, aggravated by the fact that the buttons are flush with the case and therefore particularly hard to find/feel in the dark. The second flaw is: the lcd screen is too bright for night table use. There is a "auto dim" function, but it doesn't dim - it switches the display off completely in a certain time range. So in all, this is a small, feature- packed, admirable gadget. But as a bedside clock radio (which is what it's being marketed as) it can't compete with the usability or reliability of a [...] grab bin special. If you want to "tech up" your clock radio, I suggest the . As for this thing, I plan to install it in the bathroom where it'll double as a night light and shower radio.	BrandXYZ compact LED clock radio with 3.5" LCD display lets you view photos and listen to music from built-in FM radio, or from an SD card. Also includes preloaded relaxation music to help you fall asleep peacefully, and gentle wake with increasing alarm volume.
20592	SWEET!!!	This probably is one of the best digital picture frame/alarm clock/radio combination I have ever run across. Philips finally get something right. It is small, but look very nice beside packed with features. Of course I had it for only a few days, so it's remained to be seen if it lasts. I set it up in less than 5 minutes even without reading the manual. The controls are on the side and very intuitive. Radio stations are set and tuned with a bar on the back. Clock set is straight forward, there are 2 modes: digital and analog and 5 positions where you can put the clock on the screen. Add a SD card with pictures and that is all there is to it. The clock start cycling through the pictures in slide slow mode. I picked the digital clock with white lettering after going through all options. That combination seemed clearest. Screen resolution is very good for this screen and bright with nice colors. Radio sounds are clear, no static. Very decent MP3 player too, good enough for this type of device. It is bright, but you can set the start/end time for the dimmer so it won't keep you up at night. The only thing I would add to this battery back up. You won't loose the setting for a couple of minutes if power goes out or whatever, I think you have to set it up again if disconnected for too long. But this is not a big deal. This would be nice sitting on your night table, office, kitchen or whatever. Highly recommended.	BrandXYZ compact LED clock radio with 3.5" LCD display lets you view photos and listen to music from built-in FM radio, or from an SD card. Also includes preloaded relaxation music to help you fall asleep peacefully, and gentle wake with increasing alarm volume.
20593	Philips alarm clock - very functional and useful product	I have used the product only for one day. These are my first impressions of the product. A dual alarm clock with digital FM radio, MP3 music, photo frame, and built-in relaxation sounds: just what I needed. All the advertised features worked as expected and the unit is easy to setup without reading the manual. Photo frame: 3.5" LCD, but what is the resolution? I still don't know. I copied all kinds of pictures - varying resolutions, aspect ratios, and brightness. They all looked great to me - bright and sharp, to my satisfaction. OK, I am now thinking that I don't need to know the resolution. Now, I am willing to sit down and crop the pictures to fit the screen and show the subject as big as possible. Slideshow and transition effects are fine and nothing to complain about. FM radio: A long flexible antenna comes out from the back of the device. I just left the antenna as it came without untying the knot to spread out the wire. Reception was fine and sound quality was more than adaquate. Auto programming function quickly scanned and preset some channels and it found all our favorite stations. Clock: I agree with other reviewers that the clock is some times hard to see depending on the background picture. Varieties of clock displays and screen positions can be set. MP3 music: You can have folders. I couldn't find a way to shuffle, but I haven't read the manual fully yet. Sound quality was quite satisfactory. I couldn't get it to play music while slideshow was in progress. It looks like the device is capable of doing it - I have to figure it out. Built-in sounds: There are all kinds of relaxation sounds that you would expect in a digital alarm clock these days including church bells, stream, ocean, chirping birds, etc. Others: - There is built-in memory filled with a demo video and stock pictures, but that can't be accessed or over written. No USB port or anything. You have to provide your own SD card for your own pictures and music. - There is no battery. Should always be connected to an AC outlet. Adapter is provided. Device remembered time and date when disconnected for a couple of minutes, but forgot when disconnected for hours. - Manual is a large folded sheet of paper. - Small footprint leaves plenty of room on your night stand. - Snooze bar (they call it "repeat alarm") is big enough for easy operation. - Sleep timer function is included. Overall, it is a very attractive and very functional unit that we will enjoy using. Update 10/22/2009: I found out how to make the music play during the slideshow. The option has to be specifically set in the menu.	BrandXYZ compact LED clock radio with 3.5" LCD display lets you view photos and listen to music from built-in FM radio, or from an SD card. Also includes preloaded relaxation music to help you fall asleep peacefully, and gentle wake with increasing alarm volume.
20601	Georgeous case!	This is the same case VM uses to build it's high end computer systems. I'm going to get one when it build my next rig. It has 2 x 120mm fans in the front, and is all aluminum. I like that it's very conservative looking, but it's not.	Available for the first time anywhere, the GX2-W is the classic case from the premier boutique PC builder, BrandXYZ. Cast from solid aluminum for superior thermals and a sleek industrial look, this premium quality case offers plenty of room for expansion including up to three optical slots and five hard drive bays. Two front and one rear fans keep air moving for excellent cooling. Clear side panel window provides a stylish look. A must have for any DIYer.
20602	First rate construction and design	Received this item via FedEx (which was the carrier this time for Amazon's free Super Saver shpg), on Tuesday 11/24/2009, after ordering it online at 3:00am EST on Sunday, 11/22/2009, so the delivery service was excellent. This case is superb in construction. The materials, assembly, and finish appear first rate. Cutouts are clean, interior sub-assemblies are snug with no cheesy looseness or mismatches. Even the power button switch feels solid. Once the build is done I'll rate the "Ease of Installation", but considering that Velocity Micro supplies stand-offs, screws, (and the wiring for the 3 fans, power button, USB, Firewire, mic, media card reader, and headphones are already installed), and both sides of the case and the front panel are removable for full interior access, I am not anticipating any supplier-fault difficulties. Considering the prices for other all-metal cases run as much as $175 more than this item, I must say that I am positively impressed with the quality of the Velocity Micro GX2-W computer case.	Available for the first time anywhere, the GX2-W is the classic case from the premier boutique PC builder, BrandXYZ. Cast from solid aluminum for superior thermals and a sleek industrial look, this premium quality case offers plenty of room for expansion including up to three optical slots and five hard drive bays. Two front and one rear fans keep air moving for excellent cooling. Clear side panel window provides a stylish look. A must have for any DIYer.
20595	Neat gadget frustrating interface, ergonomics	Philips AJL303 Photo MP3 Clock radio - neat gadget frustrating interface, ergonomics Let's start off with that this was a great idea. And maybe even at some lower price point and improved software version it still can be. As is though there are a couple of points that need to be made about how it is right now. It is a nice enough clock radio. But all of the advertised features are not well integrated together. The time display is settable to all of the corner positions or the center where it is the largest. Although the time format in the settings is very limited and none of it is the traditional MM-DD-YYYY, since the year does not show up the YYYY-MM-DD works fine. There are settings for making the clock analog or digital, and to any of six colors. Unfortunately when you are using the photo feature, a light background with a light clock or a dark background with a dark clock makes reading the time impossible. Why no "clock background setting" like any decent close captions on a TV? The relaxation music is limited to just 3 settings (spacey, rain, ocean), any other sleep machine has at least half dozen. The picture viewer seems pretty nice. There are three brightness settings plus dark screen, you can rotate pictures on the fly, there are sequential and random settings, pause, and transition effects. You can also play your own music or relaxation music with the pictures, but I have not figured out how to play the radio (20 stations settable) and view pictures at same time. The radio functions displays the station frequency instead. Also when you use the radio there are tons of unused screen realestate, and where do you put the clock then? Philips decided to put it on a single quarter inch tall line on the top. The music and the radio, although only mono, are very adequate in quality and volume. A nice feature is that although the music functions are limited to sequential and shuffle, the screen also will display the album art if it is embedded in your mp3 file. I have used a 1GB SD card with about 700 photos and 100 songs and have only filled up about half the card. Since the screen is limited to 320x240 resolution I resized all my photos to that size, so they only occupy about 25KB each. I recommend a free utility like Microsoft's PowerToys for windows, [...] for a quick resize. The clock seems to hold time for at least a minute during a power blip (no backup batteries). It uses 4-6 watts of electricity depending on brightness setting and music usage (as measured by the KillaWatt gadget). The feature I have the most problems is the small size/footprint combined with light weight. The first time you hit the snooze or off button, the clock will wind up behind the nightstand. I imagine I can double sided tape it to a book if it gets to be an issue. The second problem is Philips trying to do too much with the menu driven interface. To turn on the radio you have to hit: Menu, down arrow, OK. Why not have a "radio" button? Each of the many functions I described above can be a secondary function to the tuning, up down, snooze, etc button. Even having the manual in hand I kept getting lost. I felt like I just checked into a hotel room and after fighting with figuring out the shower controls, I could not figure out their clock radio and had to call the front desk for a wake up call. In summary: Good sound, good screen, clock display difficult to see at times (blank screen not possible). A lot of integrated functions. Menu needed for most functions. Neat gadget. Probably best suited for an office desk rather than a nightstand.	BrandXYZ compact LED clock radio with 3.5" LCD display lets you view photos and listen to music from built-in FM radio, or from an SD card. Also includes preloaded relaxation music to help you fall asleep peacefully, and gentle wake with increasing alarm volume.
20596	Good tool	My eyes aren't the best and the magnifying viewfinder is a great help when I'm using manual focus. The optics are sharp and clear. Seagull products are well made and a great bargain. I also have a Seagull eyecup and a Seagull angle viewer, good products too.	Product Features This BrandXYZ brand NEW 2.3X Viewfinder magnifier fits DSLR/SLR cameras. Brings clear vision to photography. This compact viewfinder adapts to most camera models on market. This Viewfinder magnifier comes with viewfinder connection eyepiece and a bundle of viewfinder frames to fit a large number of cameras, which come with rectangular shaped viewfinder.Compatible models: * Leica R8, R7, R6.2, R6, R5, R4, R3; * Canon (digital) EOS digital Rebel XSi, Rebel XTi, digital Rebel XT, d...
20597	Makes no sense!	First off, this product came with no instructions on how to set up. But I managed to find something by googling at this site (for your future consideration): [...] This product does what it says: it magnifies what is in your scope. Yet the output is very small! That is, what you see in the viewfinder is about one third of what you see normally with the magnifier taken off. But that one-third view is magnified! I guess this must be for scientific purposes when used like a microscope. But for normal photographic adventures by users with macular degeneration (age-related poor eyesight), this product just doesn't cut it. One other thing I didn't like was that the eyepiece pushed my head away from the camera lessening my ability to stabilize it firmly to me. When I saw that it came with a rubber eyepiece I figured that the problem would not be so since a rubber eyepiece allows you to press the camera against your eye. There was no instruction on how to attach the rubber piece however. So this thing is going back! 2 stars for certainty of magnification.	Product Features This BrandXYZ brand NEW 2.3X Viewfinder magnifier fits DSLR/SLR cameras. Brings clear vision to photography. This compact viewfinder adapts to most camera models on market. This Viewfinder magnifier comes with viewfinder connection eyepiece and a bundle of viewfinder frames to fit a large number of cameras, which come with rectangular shaped viewfinder.Compatible models: * Leica R8, R7, R6.2, R6, R5, R4, R3; * Canon (digital) EOS digital Rebel XSi, Rebel XTi, digital Rebel XT, d...
20603	This TV is wonderful	I picked up this Vizio 32" LCD for $399 at Sears. I was planning on getting a 720p TV but I couldn't pass up 1080p for the price. The picture is incredible, blacks are very dark! I did notice a little trouble with a horizontal line appearing at the top of SD broadcasts, adjusted the picture a bit and that is gone! The speakers are not fantastic, there is very little bass. They do have an equalizer but I haven't played with it. Overall this TV is a great deal and even at $500 performs like a much more expensive TV! I would highly recommend it.	Sleek, Elegant, and Feature Rich Beautifully styled, dark java brown finish and packed with features such as full 1080p resolution for razor sharp images and a 50,000:1 contrast ratio for deep blacks and bright, vibrant colors. SRS Trusurround HD completes the package bringing the action to life. Full HD resolution giving you razor sharp clarity, crisp and clear images and an absolutely amazing viewing experience.Current Version 3.0 ENERGY STAR TV products Specification require that all qualifie...
20604	Great TV for the right price	Just picked this one up at Target for $399 - can't go wrong with this purchase for that amount. It's a perfect size if you plan on sitting 6' - 7' from the TV. There is a bit of pixelation with scenes that have lots of fast movement, although you really need to be looking for it. Most people won't even know it's there, so I wouldn't get hung up on it. The HD channels look great. I'm really impressed with the color and the black levels. The stand was easy to set up, the finish on the TV/Stand is high gloss and it looks great. The best thing, I didn't need to do any fine tuning to the picture. Right out of the box it looked great. The sound is good, not great, but better than the Samsung I own. There are enough connections to hook up a blue ray player, Xbox 360 or PS3 and sound peripherals. I highly recommend this TV. Everyone talks about Samsung, Sony and Sharp - but I believe Vizio is equally as good. If you find it for $399, make the purchase.	Sleek, Elegant, and Feature Rich Beautifully styled, dark java brown finish and packed with features such as full 1080p resolution for razor sharp images and a 50,000:1 contrast ratio for deep blacks and bright, vibrant colors. SRS Trusurround HD completes the package bringing the action to life. Full HD resolution giving you razor sharp clarity, crisp and clear images and an absolutely amazing viewing experience.Current Version 3.0 ENERGY STAR TV products Specification require that all qualifie...
20605	Vintage Box Sounded Better	This is our first flat screen and the picture is amazing, although I am comparing it to our 1990 vintage GE television. We got a great price of 460 from Target which included tax and shipping. We received it it one week which I think is exceptional. My only complaint is the REAL tinny sound and I am NOT an audiophile. As my 13 year old said, "It makes my ears bleed!" Luckily, I had a pair of Bose speakers that I use for my laptop and now the sound is great. I hope Vizio improves the sound quality because that's what sold me on their brand...the "soundtrack" in the commercial!	Sleek, Elegant, and Feature Rich Beautifully styled, dark java brown finish and packed with features such as full 1080p resolution for razor sharp images and a 50,000:1 contrast ratio for deep blacks and bright, vibrant colors. SRS Trusurround HD completes the package bringing the action to life. Full HD resolution giving you razor sharp clarity, crisp and clear images and an absolutely amazing viewing experience.Current Version 3.0 ENERGY STAR TV products Specification require that all qualifie...
20606	Very happy	Picked up this tv today at Wally World for $399. Great price for a 1080p 32". I have waited and waited to pull the trigger on a flat screen and this was well worth it. Set up was simple, and while I don't currently receive a lot of HD stations the ones I do get are amazing. My sister and brother in-law have a Sony XBR 1080p that they paid 6 times as much as this tv (2 years ago) and my wife and I both think this picture is as good or better than theirs. The sound quality is adequate, if buyers expect better from any LCD they need to get a home theater set up. Mine is in a bedroom and the sound is fine. Need to pick up an HDMI cable so I can run Blue Ray from my son's laptop. Very happy with this purchase.	Sleek, Elegant, and Feature Rich Beautifully styled, dark java brown finish and packed with features such as full 1080p resolution for razor sharp images and a 50,000:1 contrast ratio for deep blacks and bright, vibrant colors. SRS Trusurround HD completes the package bringing the action to life. Full HD resolution giving you razor sharp clarity, crisp and clear images and an absolutely amazing viewing experience.Current Version 3.0 ENERGY STAR TV products Specification require that all qualifie...
20875	Nice Product.... Poor Quality Control	PROS: Nice monitor as a whole. Very sleek, lightweight. Like the stand. CONS: First one had an obvious bright pixel near the center of the screen. Too annoying to ignore. Returned it for a second one. Second one had an obvious bright pixel just away from the center of the screen. Also too annoying to ignore. Having returned two in a row, I am moving on to another brand. I am disappointed, I bought this partly because I trusted the Samsung name. Apparently their quality control has gone by the wayside since I purchased my last Samsung screen 6 yrs ago. My recommendation is that if you choose to buy, consider buying local at a place that will offer a no hassle return if you have a pixel problem straight out of the box. I imagine if you get one with a clear screen, this would probably make a nice monitor and/or television.	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2570HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch blu-ray movies. With sharp, full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful TOC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since we cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This BrandXYZ monit...
20607	Very good TV for a PC monitor	I found a good deal on this beast around Black Friday. It does a fine job as a computer display with a few idiosyncrasies. Ideally, I would think you'd want to use the hdmi input as it is a digital input, however Vizio in their vast wisdom has denied us the ability to adjust all the settings necessary to stretch the desktop to fit the screen V-Size is disabled. You can adjust H and V position and H-Size and almost make it fit the screen, just a small black band at the top (or bottom, I suppose) of the screen. I felt that was a trivial concern since the overall size of the display was so immense. But a couple of days later I was puttering around in some spare parts and came across a dvi to rgb converter plug that had come with some video card or other (previously I was using a dvi to hdmi cable). Long story short I hooked up the connector to a cable I had laying around and to the TV and lo and behold a full-screen image and crisper than that of the hdmi. Now in my world rgb is an analog input and dvi/hdmi is a digital output/input, so I can't imagine how the got a 1080p signal over rgb looking so good, and I know that they can't send hdcp over that rgb but I'll take a nice sharp picture anytime. I still have the monitor hooked up on another input for hdmi so I can play blu-ray at full rez, or so I hope... I haven't tried it yet. But overall a fine TV with plenty of inputs, despite its lack of dvi or display port. And the panel looks good, I'm moving from a 24" benq that did hi-def and this looks as good color wise. Game playing is just fine. I've never used a screen refresh rate higher than 60hz anyway so unless someone is doing something seriously wrong or you have some kind of vision defect I'd say this is a great value. BTW, I'm sitting maybe two feet away from it, so I couldn't miss any artifacts/dead pixels/ghosting.	Sleek, Elegant, and Feature Rich Beautifully styled, dark java brown finish and packed with features such as full 1080p resolution for razor sharp images and a 50,000:1 contrast ratio for deep blacks and bright, vibrant colors. SRS Trusurround HD completes the package bringing the action to life. Full HD resolution giving you razor sharp clarity, crisp and clear images and an absolutely amazing viewing experience.Current Version 3.0 ENERGY STAR TV products Specification require that all qualifie...
20611	as Loud as you need it.	This amp / tuner is great the sound quality is excellent even with the basic tone bass controlls. the only improvemnet i would make would be a digital tuner. the analog tuner is good but this is 2009/2010 not 1970.	If you've spent any time at all in professional audio, you know the name BrandXYZ and what it stands for - incredible performance & sound, and the ultimate in reliability under harsh conditions. And now, BrandXYZ offers the same technology in a series of integrated amps and receivers bringing more of what sets BrandXYZ apart from all others. Dual microphone input Microphone controls - Bass, treble, echo and volume Removable rack-mount brackets Dimensions - 19w x 4.5h x 11.5d Weight - 10 lbs Powe...
20612	Technical Pro Receiver	i am very happy with this amp. it makes my system sound great and it controls the bass and the treble highs lows and mids it is the RIGHT price as well. they have a great baseball video on utube, and a great company website by tpro . also their product reviews on utube were very helpful. i have a lot of TECHNICAL PRO products and they are the best BANG for your BUCK! no questions asked! VERY VERY VERY VERY happy! best deal watts per $. very inexpensive and very loud!!!!!!! great baseball video on utube, great company website tpro has. also their product reviews on utube were very helpful.	If you've spent any time at all in professional audio, you know the name BrandXYZ and what it stands for - incredible performance & sound, and the ultimate in reliability under harsh conditions. And now, BrandXYZ offers the same technology in a series of integrated amps and receivers bringing more of what sets BrandXYZ apart from all others. Dual microphone input Microphone controls - Bass, treble, echo and volume Removable rack-mount brackets Dimensions - 19w x 4.5h x 11.5d Weight - 10 lbs Powe...
20614	Disastor!	I am so disappointed with this product on so many perspectives. The cartridges leak (I fill it when I am finished in the evening and a quarter of the the ink is gone by the morning) Filling the cartridges is a very, very, very messy process, not the neat looking images that the manufacturer shows. Ink spatters out of the dispenser just trying to get the nozzle into the fill hole. The ink clogs the jets. I need to do a head cleaning each morning (after I notice that a quarter of the ink has disappeared over night). Especially bad, for me, is the black. The printing process often leaves large black blotches on the paper. By the way, nothing was wrong with my printer's printing before I used this device. One good thing: the reset the chip concept works. I will never consider this product again, and I strongly advise those considering this product to take my comments as a serious part of your decision making process.	BrandXYZ Unlimited Ink Jet Refill Solution with ClearView Technology High-Definition, no clog, no leak,simply refill the empty cartridge in the printer and reset ink levels. Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, Light Cyan, Light Magenta Ink Cartridge for Epson Printer (100 ml, 9 times more capacity) compatible with Epson T078920 High-Capacity Multi-pack Ink Cartridge. Package contain 1 BrandXYZ Refill Chipset with Reset button, 6 bottles of 100ml High Definition ClearVIew ink, Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yel...
20615	Save my money- great Prints	Espectacular product!!! The instalation it's a little complicated, especially the cartridge calibration... after all this, it's a great product, quality prints and economic.	BrandXYZ Unlimited Ink Jet Refill Solution with ClearView Technology High-Definition, no clog, no leak,simply refill the empty cartridge in the printer and reset ink levels. Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, Light Cyan, Light Magenta Ink Cartridge for Epson Printer (100 ml, 9 times more capacity) compatible with Epson T078920 High-Capacity Multi-pack Ink Cartridge. Package contain 1 BrandXYZ Refill Chipset with Reset button, 6 bottles of 100ml High Definition ClearVIew ink, Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yel...
20616	Very easy to install and save big bucks for my Epson ink	First I was kindda worry getting this item based on the review. some say good some say bad. I called EditorDirect and also found out Newegg does carry this product. As soon as I open the box, it was in fact very easy to install. Editor direct told me they have new design and the split out problem is no longer an issue. I've been using this product for my DVD duplication as well as for my Canon 5D Mark II print out. Love the Epson printer and the ink quality. My next goal is Epson R3800 and will using UFOSYSTEM R3800 kit for sure.	BrandXYZ Unlimited Ink Jet Refill Solution with ClearView Technology High-Definition, no clog, no leak,simply refill the empty cartridge in the printer and reset ink levels. Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, Light Cyan, Light Magenta Ink Cartridge for Epson Printer (100 ml, 9 times more capacity) compatible with Epson T078920 High-Capacity Multi-pack Ink Cartridge. Package contain 1 BrandXYZ Refill Chipset with Reset button, 6 bottles of 100ml High Definition ClearVIew ink, Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yel...
20617	I FIGURED IT OUT	This item came with no instructions and also some useless parts inculding filling tubes. However, I figured it out and saved a lot of money. It is much, much cheaper than Epson six-ink cartrige sets. The colors are vibrant and this ink refill system overall is once more actually far,far less expensive than buying new Epson cartriges. It includes a mechanism to defeat the Epson sofware driven computer based graphs which show the available ink. The ink level of these Clearview cartriges can easily be detemined simply by looking at the clear cartriges. Considering the outrageous prices of new original equipment manufacurer cartriges these ClearView cartriges surely qualify as a "best buy". Replaced by	BrandXYZ Unlimited Ink Jet Refill Solution with ClearView Technology High-Definition, no clog, no leak,simply refill the empty cartridge in the printer and reset ink levels. Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, Light Cyan, Light Magenta Ink Cartridge for Epson Printer (100 ml, 9 times more capacity) compatible with Epson T078920 High-Capacity Multi-pack Ink Cartridge. Package contain 1 BrandXYZ Refill Chipset with Reset button, 6 bottles of 100ml High Definition ClearVIew ink, Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yel...
20720	Top-notch sound and styling	I have nothing but good things to say about these speakers. Great looks, great sound. Altec Lansing has really nailed it with this 2.1 speaker system. I use these in my family room. They're hooked up to the AirTunes jack on my AirPort Express, which allows me to stream music from my computer to the speakers wirelessly. Whether I'm playing MP3 files from iTunes or CDs in my CD drive, the sound coming from these speakers is exceptional. Wanna crank it up? No problem. No distortion or clipping. These speakers replaced an older JBL Creature speaker system in my family room. I loved those speakers because they looked cool and sounded great. But I like these Altec Lansings even more because they look cooler and sound better! Highly recommended to anyone looking for a great 2.1 system for their computer or MP3 player.	The Expressionist Plus music system is a serious performer in a small package. The stylish, adjustable satellites deliver pure, distinct full-spectrum sound from precision-engineered 2? speakers and the 5.25? space-saving desktop subwoofer fills your space with deep bass. Tuck the compact subwoofer under your desk or on your desktop. Set-up is a snap, so enjoy terrific sound from your computer, CD, DVD, or MP3 player right out of the box.
20618	Refill ink cartridges compatible with Epson T077120 Black Ink Cartridge, T078920 High-Capacity Multi-pack Ink Cartridge	UFOSYSTEM ink cartridge installation and print out demo video. Compatible with Epson R260 Epson R280 Epson R380 Epson RX595 Epson RX680	BrandXYZ Unlimited Ink Jet Refill Solution with ClearView Technology High-Definition, no clog, no leak,simply refill the empty cartridge in the printer and reset ink levels. Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, Light Cyan, Light Magenta Ink Cartridge for Epson Printer (100 ml, 9 times more capacity) compatible with Epson T078920 High-Capacity Multi-pack Ink Cartridge. Package contain 1 BrandXYZ Refill Chipset with Reset button, 6 bottles of 100ml High Definition ClearVIew ink, Black, Cyan, Magenta, Yel...
20652	Denon Review	Performed as expected. Commercial sound leveling and the analog to digital conversion capabilities met my requirements.	The AVR-3310CI is a technological tour de force, designed for consumers wanting to network their AV system. Ethernet connectivity opens up your AV system to host of exciting capabilities like audio and jpeg photo streaming and Internet radio. Additionally, subscription music services like Rhapsody and Napster are supported. The AVR3310CI packs a punch with 7-channels of onboard amplification producing 840-watts of total power (120 per channel). The amplifiers can be assigned for 7.1 channel surr...
20656	Plug and play across platforms, devices, and throughout the house	I already have and recently relocated my kids computers to the living room (right next to each other) so they could concentrate on homework after school. I was able to connect both computers to the Internet using the hub that is included with this kit, but yet still use the older models connection between the router and the wall in the family room at the other end of the house. I had read that 200 Mbps ethernet adapters are not downward compatible, but I'm happy to report that at least within the same brand, same speed, these are 100% compatible and work flawlessly. The connection only took a couple of seconds to be live, and the green lights helped me to ensure that everything was connected correctly and working. If you don't like messing with wifi, wep codes, and Internet dongles, and dropped signals, these are the way to go. Not only that, the speed is exceptionally fast and that's why gamers like to use either these if they can't have their computer plugged directly into their router. These really are just plug and play across multiple platforms, devices, and throughout the house. Despite running a security camera system on Ethernet adapters and using two different models of this Ethernet kit, and having computers with various os including Linux and Windows, it all just worked perfectly by plugging in the adapter to the wall, and the Ethernet cord to the device. There is no software to install and the system can easily be upgraded by buying additional powerline adapters of the same speed. I cannot comment on brand-mixing at this point, since I haven't tried other "compatible" brands yet.	The MegaPlug 200 Mbps AV Powerline Ethernet Adapter & 4-port Hub Kit uses your home electrical lines to create up to a 200 Mbps network throughout your home. Perfect for high-bandwidth applications like HD video and audio streaming. Access high-speed internet, DirecTV On-Demand, Blu-Ray players, Tivo, DVRs, Slingbox, HDTV's with internet access and online services such as Netflix. Powerline adapters can reach places wireless can not, so they are perfect solutions for computers, printers and fax ...
20662	Relieved....	The Actiontec lived up to its billing. I received the Actiontec Megaplug 200 Powerline kit less than an hour ago. It took less than 10 minutes to get the unit running. There was no configuration issue. Background: I am a FIOS customer with an Actiontek router. The router is locally connected to 2 computers and a print server on the middle and lower levels of my house and wirelessly to my upstairs HP 1132nr laptop running Vista Home Premium. I intend to add a Slingbox to the 4 port hub at a later date. I usually got a 75-80% (appx 50 ft from the router from the middle to upper level of my house) strength signal for the wifi and internet up/download performance was diminished. Occasionally, I would have to reboot the router or the laptop because the wifi signal would stop. Thus, the need for the Actiontec Megaplug 200 kit. Once connected, I've gone from a download speed of .75 mbps(wifi) to 23.6 mbps on the laptop according to the Verizon Fios speedtest app. To say the least, I am very happy with the Actiontec Megaplug 200.	The MegaPlug 200 Mbps AV Powerline Ethernet Adapter & 4-port Hub Kit uses your home electrical lines to create up to a 200 Mbps network throughout your home. Perfect for high-bandwidth applications like HD video and audio streaming. Access high-speed internet, DirecTV On-Demand, Blu-Ray players, Tivo, DVRs, Slingbox, HDTV's with internet access and online services such as Netflix. Powerline adapters can reach places wireless can not, so they are perfect solutions for computers, printers and fax ...
20629	Amazing computer value	Being a technologist, my career allows me to evaluate lots of computers and Netbooks. Nearly all offerings lacked quality, speed and features and were just big PDAs. Others were so expensive that they were just thin Notebook computers. Aspire One recently released an 11.1" screen version (big by Netbook standards) and Z520 Atom processor (fast for a Netbook). With Windows-XP the performance is fantastic. I am able to smoothly watch DivX and Xvid encoded videos. With the larger battery, I get 6 hours of usage at maximum screen brightness (it is extremely bright) and 10 hours at lowest brightness. This Netbook is available in four colors and I choose Black (Acer Aspire One AO751h-1545) to hide fingerprints (the Netbook's only negative). I searched every source and the best price is through Amazon ($[...] delivered) via J&R Music and Computer World. If you want to make this computer run faster, follow these steps: uninstall Mcafee trial and install the free "Avast Antivirus" and the free "Spybot Search & Destroy". Uninstall Microsoft Office Trial and install the free "OpenOffice". Uninstall the DVD software (there is no drive to support it). If you need a CD drive, consider the highly rated "USB 2.0 External CD DVD RW Burner Drive" by sunvalleytek (under $[...]). Even at 11.1", the screen can be hard on older eyes. Increase the font size to large (Display properties - Appearance) and default icon size (System - Advanced tab - Performance - Settings) to make things easier to see. Cold boot time is under two minutes and it resumes from standby in under 3 seconds. I am so happy with this computer, and it is so inexpensive, that I have bought several and plan to buy more. Especially since Microsoft may discontinue Windows-XP soon, and you really want XP over Vista or Windows-7 to preserve Netbook performance. Happy computing.	Enjoy enhanced productivity and web browsing with the BrandXYZ Aspire One AO751h, which features an 11.6-inch high-definition screen and full-sized keyboard. The LED-backlit widescreen (16:9 ratio) display is large enough to easily view multiple windows and reduces the need to scroll to view Internet sites. An integrated BrandXYZ Crystal Eye webcam delivers smooth video streaming and high quality images for online chats and business video conferences, even in low-light situations. It also includ...
20630	Very Slow CPU	The CPU is very slow. Good thing it has a long battery life. You are going to need it as it will take longer to do your task. Seem to take forever to load up. As I surf the Internet, I can tell it takes awhile to refresh the pages. I try watching videos [...] and I notice the freezes every 10 seconds. Forget it watching it in full screen. Then you can really tell how much it lags. The good part about this machine is the light weight and the screen is beautiful. Battery lasts as advertised with low setting. You are better off with a notebook that uses the Atom 270 or 280 CPU that is 1.6 MHZ. I didn't think .3 MHZ makes that much a difference, but it does. One last thing: I noticed a high pitch sound from the netbook. I could not tell you what is making that noise. Could be the spinning if the drive or fan.	Enjoy enhanced productivity and web browsing with the BrandXYZ Aspire One AO751h, which features an 11.6-inch high-definition screen and full-sized keyboard. The LED-backlit widescreen (16:9 ratio) display is large enough to easily view multiple windows and reduces the need to scroll to view Internet sites. An integrated BrandXYZ Crystal Eye webcam delivers smooth video streaming and high quality images for online chats and business video conferences, even in low-light situations. It also includ...
20631	What I expected and am happy with that....	I got this netbook to actually replace a 15.4 inch macbook pro (I know the blasphemy of it all), well not so much replace it, but travel with it in place of the mac (which I am still keeping, since it is company issued). My reasons were I spend so much time in airports and planes each week walking around and pulling out the laptop to work, that the low battery life, with the scarce number of outlets in an airport, plus the shrinking seating room in airplanes was limiting my computer time. This netbook is supposed to solve all that. Well, I haven't traveled with it yet, but I spent some time "prepping" it and testing it. It is very light and the battery is lasting around 6 hours with fairly heavy use (wifi always on, bluetooth adapter, screen 75% brightness, etc). I mainly use web browsers (we sell a Saas based software application), itunes for my iphone, and Microsoft Office (sparingly). I also gave a web presentation using gotomeeting, which worked with no problems. My only complaint, which is everyone else's and what I expected was the low performance (yes I did upgrade to 2gigs and I am running xp not vista - shudder), but again I expected that. Two complaints are the heavy battery makes balancing it on my lap cumbersome as the laptop wants to tilt back all the time and the flex in the screen backing (or lid), when closed and I am gripping it, it feels like it might give if I squeezed to much. I do find one key kind of squeaking a little, but the keyboard is a joy to type on compared to the 8.9 acer aspire one (which I also own). Overall I am pleased with the purchase. I gave it 4 stars and not 5, because of the give in the casing of the netbook, which I think could have been sturdier, but here is hoping to lighter travel both in scheduling and in the amount of weight I have to lug around (now to find the perfect backpack for a day trip and my little net book and accessories - Samsonite Proteo anyone?)	Enjoy enhanced productivity and web browsing with the BrandXYZ Aspire One AO751h, which features an 11.6-inch high-definition screen and full-sized keyboard. The LED-backlit widescreen (16:9 ratio) display is large enough to easily view multiple windows and reduces the need to scroll to view Internet sites. An integrated BrandXYZ Crystal Eye webcam delivers smooth video streaming and high quality images for online chats and business video conferences, even in low-light situations. It also includ...
20632	Slow!	The size of the Acer Aspire One is nice for portability. The keyboard is easy to work and the screen is reasonable to read, I just wish it would go faster. This machine is seriously slow! I can go faster on my 13-year old desktop. It probably has something to do with all the unwanted junk that's loaded onto it before you get it. However, if you're like me, you're not an engineer or tech-head, you just want to use a computer out-of-the-box, and you don't want to analyze it or spend a gazillion hours trying to figure out how to make it go faster, then this machine is not for you.	Enjoy enhanced productivity and web browsing with the BrandXYZ Aspire One AO751h, which features an 11.6-inch high-definition screen and full-sized keyboard. The LED-backlit widescreen (16:9 ratio) display is large enough to easily view multiple windows and reduces the need to scroll to view Internet sites. An integrated BrandXYZ Crystal Eye webcam delivers smooth video streaming and high quality images for online chats and business video conferences, even in low-light situations. It also includ...
20827	Compact Compromise	The Oly 17mm f/2.8 pancake for micro four-thirds is just about as small and light a lens as you'll find. It's basically a 35mm focal length on its native cameras. Its sole advantage is its size. It is far from optically perfect, with fairly strong chromatic aberrations and some corner softness (surprising, given its crop factor of 2). Still, the Oly E-P1 does recognize the lens and post-processes its images specifically to improve as much distortion as possible. All things considered, I can't really claim that this lens is an excellent optical value for anyone who doesn't really need the compactness it offers the E-P1. The 14-42mm kit lens is a better performer at this focal length, also very light, and far more versatile. But if you're willing to make compromises for smallness this is THE lens for you.	The M.Zuiko Digital 17mm 1:2.8 pancake (35mm equivalent focal length: 34mm) lens is even smaller than the already compact pancake lens for four thirds bodies. This micro four thirds lens boasts the compactness to the limit. The circular aperture diaphragm with 5 blades enables natural and smooth defocusing. This wide-angle pancake lens with its ultra compact design is ideal for daily snapshots and as travel companion.
20640	Awsome Acer Aspire One 11.6"	One of the best out there for the price. Awsome battery life,also love the key board. Perfect size mini. Would highly recommend this for everyone! And stay with window xp edition for sure. Preforms better i think. Get rid of mcAfee though. Get AVG antivirus its free, and works great!	Enjoy enhanced productivity and web browsing with the BrandXYZ Aspire One AO751h, which features an 11.6-inch high-definition screen and full-sized keyboard. The LED-backlit widescreen (16:9 ratio) display is large enough to easily view multiple windows and reduces the need to scroll to view Internet sites. An integrated BrandXYZ Crystal Eye webcam delivers smooth video streaming and high quality images for online chats and business video conferences, even in low-light situations. It also includ...
20792	Cool idea, poor execution	While the idea of automagically uploading your photos from your camera via your home Wi-Fi network might seem like a nifty idea, the implementation of the Eye-fi leaves something to be desired. The service advertises that it will upload to multiple photo sharing sites, but it doesn't tell you that it will do only one at a time, you must select one. In addition, the battery drain on my Nikon D40 was significant since you must set your auto-off timers to leave the camera on for a substantial period of time so that the uploads can complete. All in all, a good idea but one that's not ready for real-world use.	4GB BrandXYZ Pro wireless SDHC memory card. Get it all and streamline your workflow. Wirelessly upload JPEG, RAW and video directly to your laptop no router required. Select which items to upload in camera, and post them on any of over 25 online sites. Geotagging and hotspot access included.
20641	Just what i was looking for...	I needed a netbook just like this one, i bought it... The shipping was really fast with no charge. This seller recomended... Greetings	Enjoy enhanced productivity and web browsing with the BrandXYZ Aspire One AO751h, which features an 11.6-inch high-definition screen and full-sized keyboard. The LED-backlit widescreen (16:9 ratio) display is large enough to easily view multiple windows and reduces the need to scroll to view Internet sites. An integrated BrandXYZ Crystal Eye webcam delivers smooth video streaming and high quality images for online chats and business video conferences, even in low-light situations. It also includ...
21306	73C9 DELIVERS - One of my better purchases.	Awesome screen size, provides movie theater experience in my living room. I can't rave about this purchase enough, everything about this TV is a pro, except for the clunky remote. I was going for a big plasma, until I came across this DLP, I bought it with stand and it is just jaw dropping. Don't dismiss this TV just because you can't hang it on the wall. 73" screen weighs about 93 lbs and easily handled by two adults. Took longer to take it out of the packaging than to set it up. We were watching HDTV in about 15 minutes.	With picture perfomance that outpaces today's smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 to 82 Inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TV's define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
21307	Enjoyable	The product is very enjoyable the picture is great , light weight easy to move around an place set up a brease you will enjoy it also	With picture perfomance that outpaces today's smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 to 82 Inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TV's define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
20643	Acer cracked screen	Unfortunately the screen was cracked upon arrival and the item was then out of stock. Very disappointed. I would think that Amazon would offer some kind of discount off a like item or something like that for their customer who waited two weeks for the item to arrive and then had to navigate the system to send it back and wait another two weeks to get a credit.	Enjoy enhanced productivity and web browsing with the BrandXYZ Aspire One AO751h, which features an 11.6-inch high-definition screen and full-sized keyboard. The LED-backlit widescreen (16:9 ratio) display is large enough to easily view multiple windows and reduces the need to scroll to view Internet sites. An integrated BrandXYZ Crystal Eye webcam delivers smooth video streaming and high quality images for online chats and business video conferences, even in low-light situations. It also includ...
21941	Amazon Lightning Deal - Ripoff	I too set at the computer and hit the add to cart button as soon as the deal was available but no joy. I wasted a lot of time waiting for the deal - thanks for nothing.	The Mini 10 is everything you want in a mobile companion and more. It may be small, but you?ll be surprised by all the fun features packed inside. Be productive with a keyboard 92 percentage the size of a traditional laptop keyboard. Enjoy a beautiful view with a seamless display surface1 and 16:9 aspect ratio. And stay connected with advanced wireless options. You can also view high-def TV with the included digital TV tuner. *Based on BrandXYZ Lab testing. Battery life varies by configuration, ...
20644	DOA - did not work new from box ! Operating system flaw	What a disappointment! Same thing that happened to Esham(read his review) also happened to me. Right out of the box, when you boot it, it says operating system incomplete ( that horrible black screen error message). Then it froze, and all you can do is turn it off and reboot. So I called ACER customer service three times. The last time after 30 minutes of the phone, they realized it was flawed and customer service said to return it. BUYER BEWARE. This is the first time I have ever had a problem with a computer like this. Terrible experience - ACER, this computer is not reliable. Please take it off the market and offer all of us refunds. All these complaints of freezing up is a signal that ACER has some real issues. I give this a single star. I would never recommend it to a friend.	Enjoy enhanced productivity and web browsing with the BrandXYZ Aspire One AO751h, which features an 11.6-inch high-definition screen and full-sized keyboard. The LED-backlit widescreen (16:9 ratio) display is large enough to easily view multiple windows and reduces the need to scroll to view Internet sites. An integrated BrandXYZ Crystal Eye webcam delivers smooth video streaming and high quality images for online chats and business video conferences, even in low-light situations. It also includ...
20645	Excellent value	We purchased this netbook in September. We do not use it for any heavy duty computing like image analysis, because the processor is not appropriate for that. However, it has excellent performance for less exacting tasks. The battery life is as described, it is surprisingly light, the display is better than expected, and the keyboard is perfect for larger fingers. It froze twice while we were using Firefox, so we suspect that the browser is the problem. The display does reflect light, but that is a trade off for its quality.	Enjoy enhanced productivity and web browsing with the BrandXYZ Aspire One AO751h, which features an 11.6-inch high-definition screen and full-sized keyboard. The LED-backlit widescreen (16:9 ratio) display is large enough to easily view multiple windows and reduces the need to scroll to view Internet sites. An integrated BrandXYZ Crystal Eye webcam delivers smooth video streaming and high quality images for online chats and business video conferences, even in low-light situations. It also includ...
73	Quick Shipping	I ordered this and received it the NEXT DAY. I did not pay for expedited shipping. The 3M projector is a great value. I recommend the projector and the seller.	Articulating head for screen location flexibility and clear images throughout the tilt range. 2500 lumens of light can enhance your visuals even with the room lights on for note-taking. In-circuit resistor helps to extend lamp life. Closed projection head protects the mirror to keep dust away from the optical surfaces. 10" x 10" staging area gives you room to maximize your message. Thermal protection circuit cuts power to the lamp if the projector exceeds safe operating temperature. Global Produ...
20646	Mine arrived DOA	I was really excited & paid for overnight shipping. Opened up the box hit the power button then several minutes later "Operating system not found". I am going to the Mac store...	Enjoy enhanced productivity and web browsing with the BrandXYZ Aspire One AO751h, which features an 11.6-inch high-definition screen and full-sized keyboard. The LED-backlit widescreen (16:9 ratio) display is large enough to easily view multiple windows and reduces the need to scroll to view Internet sites. An integrated BrandXYZ Crystal Eye webcam delivers smooth video streaming and high quality images for online chats and business video conferences, even in low-light situations. It also includ...
20878	Ed	Bought this tv a few days ago,I own 4 Samsung tv's 3 40 inch 1 52 inch. This tv is a real disappointment the sound just stinks you have to add external speakers. The picture is good if its a HD channel and you look at it straight on, 3 feet to the side and the picture is gray and washed out. Watching a non HD Channel is like looking at a 20yr old tube tv. This is a computer monitor and should not be sold as a TV. I am taking it back to Price Club I paid $319 for it.	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2570HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch blu-ray movies. With sharp, full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful TOC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since we cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This BrandXYZ monit...
20649	AVR 3310CI Good & Bad	The AVR 3310CI is loaded with nice features. Excellent sound quality, inputs for just about anything, and decent menus for setting up and using the receiver. The amplifiers give a very good quality sound, not as good as my MacIntosch system but not bad for the money. Construction is good and it runs fairly cool being it is in a somewhat enclosed area. Technical support is good in that there is little wait time when calling. Now for the bad. I have now gone through 3 AVR 3310CI receivers trying to get one that works. I believe that most if not all of the issues I have are due to firmware problems as the hardware seems to work just fine. I would try to update the firmware but there are even problems with this function as it takes forever (many hours) and most of the time it will abort or hang in the middle of the download/update process so you have to try and try again. My first unit eventually got into a hang state in that it couldn't update the firmware and as a result the receiver just kept on trying with no success. During this time the other functions were not available. According to Denon there was no over the phone fix for this problem and suggested I either return it to the store and send it in for repair but that I am responsible for the shipping costs. My second (and as of Saturday my 3rd unit) has two out-of-the-box issues. First is when connecting to Internet radio I get a "Please Wait" window. Sometimes this hangs the system and sometimes I can recover from it. On my recently installed unit this past weekend I immediately got this message and waited 15 minutes or longer and still no resolution. I turned off/on the unit and after a while the message went away and I was able to use the Internet function. The second problem is when selecting the setup menu button. The menu comes up fine but within 5 seconds it starts to go dimmer and dimmer and to the point that you cannot see the menu on the TV screen anymore. This occurred with units number 2 and 3. I am afraid to do a firmware update due to the many problems that I had with the first unit and I was told that others had the same problem (even Denon admits to this and recommended to me NOT to perform updates). I have spent many hours on the phone with the Denon Techies and they say to just send the unit back and they will repair it. However, I have to pay for the shipping costs (estimated at $50). I refuse do this on out-of-the-box problems. These are design problems and not normal failures. So at this point in time I'm considering switching to a different model number and hope that it has a more stable design. One other area is in regards to the search and general navigating capabilities on the Internet. Given the price of the AVR 3310CI this function could be a lot more sophisticated as the current function is pretty basic.	The AVR-3310CI is a technological tour de force, designed for consumers wanting to network their AV system. Ethernet connectivity opens up your AV system to host of exciting capabilities like audio and jpeg photo streaming and Internet radio. Additionally, subscription music services like Rhapsody and Napster are supported. The AVR3310CI packs a punch with 7-channels of onboard amplification producing 840-watts of total power (120 per channel). The amplifiers can be assigned for 7.1 channel surr...
2276	New Isn't Always Improved	The Dymo LP350 does some things the LP300 didn't - vertical and decorative type - but doesn't do some of the basic things nearly as well as the predecessor. The LP300 had a single font, a standard sans-serif typeface, but the user could tweak the sizes endlessly within the confines of the tape size. The LP350 has more fonts, but the sizes are far more limited. I prefer the former.	A most powerful, function-packed handheld thermal printer is designed for professionals who won't compromise on speed or quality: shop owners, warehouse managers, electricians, telephone, stereo and network installers and MIS departments who need to label shelves, cabinets, inventory, tools, equipment, signage and more - quietly and accurately. Special features include easy printing of bar codes, electrical symbols, background effects, pricing and an ABC color-coded keyboard with over-sized keys...
2335	Terrible display, bad customer service	I purchased the German model of this. The display was not readable and it crashed often. Ectaco customer "service" was awful, and they are charging me shipping and restock fees even though the unit was defective. Buy another brand.	Our newest release, the BrandXYZ Audio PhraseBook B-3 English <-> Chinese B-3 , is an inexhaustible talking travel companion. It instantly translates 14,000 travel-oriented phrases divided by activity and speaks the translation aloud. Its powerful search functions allow you to quickly find what you need - exactly when you need it. So you will be communicating with ease in a matter of seconds!. This dynamic handheld substitutes for an interpreter in most standard situations, such as when register...
20650	Not Bad, But Get It On Sale	I had been scoping out Denon's and other brands for a while. I finally decided on this unit due to it's features and price point. I highly recommend the Denon website for comparing different XX10CI models. So far, I have been happy with my purchase. It has a whole host of features including up-converting all inputs to HDMI, HD Radio, Sirius capable, 5 HDMI inputs, 3 audio zones, and completely re-assignable digital/analog inputs. The ability to reassign different audio and video inputs on the fly has turned out to be quite useful, something I did not anticipate. Overall sound quality has been superb so far. One downside is menus can be a little slow to navigate through, and the GUI isn't too sharp looking. It's certainly not the XMB from Sony, but it's functional. If I wanted cool looking menus with overpriced sound, I would have bought a Sony. Features that this unit does not have include dual HDMI outputs (I don't really foresee myself having two TV's in one room), and the ability to network wirelessly. I plan on purchasing a Denon iPod dock (the -3w or -51w, I don't know if the -51w is worth the price difference) which should allow wireless connectivity to my computer. One downside that surprised me was the need to have HDCP HDMI devices connected. I have an older Motorola cable box from Comcast with DVI output, and the 3310CI would not pass the video from the cable box using a DVI/HDMI cable, so I have to use component cables. Not a huge problem, but stupid IMO. Comcast told me they won't provide true HDMI boxes unless you pay for DVR (we already have it in another room, so I didn't need a second DVR), and HDCP is just another stupid security control. One other downside, which I'm still toying with, is the ability to select inputs with the Comcast programmable remote. (For anybody who doesn't know, the standard Comcast remote is very powerful and can be fully reprogrammed, but they don't tell you this. There are many websites with more info on this.) My roommate has an older Denon that I was able to control inputs, volume, and power with the plain old gray Comcast remote. So far I just have the volume and power with the 3310CI, while the number pad isn't quite matching up to the input numbers on the back of the Denon remote. I ended up picking up this unit at a certain popular electronics store for $1200. It was not an advertised sale in either their circular or on their weBsite, But the posted price appeared in their computer. My advice is to wait till this thing goes on sale, but it's still worth a GOOD BUY at full price. (I think my hints were obvious enough, no?)	The AVR-3310CI is a technological tour de force, designed for consumers wanting to network their AV system. Ethernet connectivity opens up your AV system to host of exciting capabilities like audio and jpeg photo streaming and Internet radio. Additionally, subscription music services like Rhapsody and Napster are supported. The AVR3310CI packs a punch with 7-channels of onboard amplification producing 840-watts of total power (120 per channel). The amplifiers can be assigned for 7.1 channel surr...
20651	LG, Samsung and JVC Blu Ray owners beware!	There is a problem with Denon 2310/3310/4310 receiver line playing TrueHD and DTS-HD Master Audio track when connected to LG, Samsung or JVC Blu-Ray players. The receiver shows that it is receiving the HD audio signal from the player and the HD audio blue light comes on the front of the receiver but then instead of sound you get a "helicopter" like noise or no sound at all coming from the speakers. There are multiple reports from 2310,3310 and 4310 owners about this problem on AVS Forum. The receiver plays sound fine when Blu-Ray player sending Dolby Digital, Dolby Digital+, DTS or Multichannel PCM, but not theDolby TrueHD or DTS-HD Master Audio sound track. After I sent the receiver in for service to Denon NJ factory for repair, the receiver came back with the problem not repaired after 3 weeks in the service center. This is very unfortunate problem as the receiver has a great set of features	The AVR-3310CI is a technological tour de force, designed for consumers wanting to network their AV system. Ethernet connectivity opens up your AV system to host of exciting capabilities like audio and jpeg photo streaming and Internet radio. Additionally, subscription music services like Rhapsody and Napster are supported. The AVR3310CI packs a punch with 7-channels of onboard amplification producing 840-watts of total power (120 per channel). The amplifiers can be assigned for 7.1 channel surr...
20654	Very Easy to set up if you had all the instructions.	ActionTec plug Av Very Easy to set up if you had all the instructions. A quick review and as typical for me an update will follow. I had everything set up and truly believed the Quick Start Guide when it said no configuration required. Unfortunately.... I first disabled my wireless card in the Windows Control Panel just so I would not have any conflicts. Then I plugged in the two devices as described above. The LEDs on both boxes were green and red, sometimes green and yellow. The Guide said "Make sure both lights turn solid green". The guide warns you not to plug the devices into any outlet that is surge protected or filtered, which I did not. Oh well I said, I started moving both boxes into different outlets and could not get both "link" lights to turn green unless they were plugged into the same outlet. Rats I said. There is no explanation in the guide at all as to what to do when the lights are not both green. NO troubleshooting guide at all. I tried to hook up to the Web, but nothing happened. Here I will save you the trouble of the hour long process that followed, and just tell how you can save yourself the trouble I had 1. It does not really matter what color the "link" light is. It is only the quality of connection indicator. Please go to the [...] website and download the user manual for the HPE400AVP. There is no manual and no CD with the box you buy and in my case it was the critical missing step. Here is the lights portion of the manual Red means the condition is poor and less than 50Mpbs, Orange indicates a fair line condition of 50-100Mbps, Green means the line is in good condition with over 100Mbps throughput. Of course since I was using wireless previously in a remote location with a 18 Mpbs transfer speed, even a Red light meant a vastly improved connection. The connection speed varies for me between yellow and red, and always is better than the wireless. My wireless was a Linksys WRT54G with the power setting at 75mw, the distance involved was about 50ft with 3 walls in between. 2. There are small black buttons on both boxes, but NO explanation in the User Guide as to what they do. You have to download the manual for that. They are the security enable keys, and you have to go thru a sequence of four timed presses to set it up. In my trials of various outlets in the house, I must have pressed one or both, but in a wrong sequence and must have messed up the communications, hence even with the connection established, I could not connect to the web. At the time I still thought that it was because I had red lights and they needed to be green. I had to reset both boxes using a pin. 3. At this point following the reset, even though the link light on both boxes was red, the Internet magically appeared. So the setup is truly plug and play, unless like me you believe the dreaded step #13 in the quick setup guide "Make sure both lights are green " or you accidentally press the security buttons. Finally when set up, and even with my troubles it only took an hour. The connection speed to the web as judged by [...] was 50% faster than my best wireless connection and 3 times better than my worst connection. Great product, and only a one star downgrade for no packaged in manual or CD. Lastly you may also try the following steps to improve your speed at lower costs. 1. Get an antenna with gain for the router and your wireless card (10-30$, 50% improvement) 2. Change the wireless channel in the router utility (G networks conflict with 2.4 ghz cordless phones) 3. Move the antenna even slightly for possible improvement, Use a utility like network stumbler to fine tune the position 4. If available for your wireless router, get an open source custom firmware for it which will allow you to fine tune the antenna transmit power (I use Tomato). UPDATE 5. Get an inexpensive N standard router with multiple antennas (used to be called MIMO multiple in multiple out). I have picked up one recently and now all my remaining computers have a better signal as well. While you will not get speds higher than G standard of 54mb, you will get closer to nominal. You would ned a N adapter in the pc as well to get all the benefits. Happy Powerline and Wireless networking.	The MegaPlug 200 Mbps AV Powerline Ethernet Adapter & 4-port Hub Kit uses your home electrical lines to create up to a 200 Mbps network throughout your home. Perfect for high-bandwidth applications like HD video and audio streaming. Access high-speed internet, DirecTV On-Demand, Blu-Ray players, Tivo, DVRs, Slingbox, HDTV's with internet access and online services such as Netflix. Powerline adapters can reach places wireless can not, so they are perfect solutions for computers, printers and fax ...
20655	Plug it in and it works. High-speed Internet now available in a remote corner of my home	I've tested the Actiontec MegaPlug with a desktop PC, a Slingbox and also an Xbox 360 (which I use to play online games) and its performance has far exceeded my expectations. It's like having a second router/internet connection in the far corner of my home where my wireless network does not reach. I don't notice any difference in terms of bandwidth compared with a direct connection to my downstairs router. I was a little concerned that I'd have to configure settings in each device in order to get it to work. To my great relief this wasn't the case. Connect it and it works. Period. I simply plugged the base unit into an outlet (a wall outlet is recommended -- the directions warn that it probably won't work with a surge-protector) near my router and then connected the two with the included Ethernet cable (it comes with two Ethernet cables). Next I plugged in the bigger piece of the Actiontec set -- the one with the four Ethernet ports -- into an outlet in the area of my house where I wanted to place my desktop PC, my Xbox and my Slingbox. I then connected all of the devices with Ethernet cables and they were instantly connected to the Internet. It was a wonderfully elegant customer experience. Two thumbs up for this product.	The MegaPlug 200 Mbps AV Powerline Ethernet Adapter & 4-port Hub Kit uses your home electrical lines to create up to a 200 Mbps network throughout your home. Perfect for high-bandwidth applications like HD video and audio streaming. Access high-speed internet, DirecTV On-Demand, Blu-Ray players, Tivo, DVRs, Slingbox, HDTV's with internet access and online services such as Netflix. Powerline adapters can reach places wireless can not, so they are perfect solutions for computers, printers and fax ...
20664	How simple can it get?	When it comes to setting up any kind of networking, it's usually intimidating; however, if you know how to simply put a plug in, it's that easy. Seriously. This is great for: 1) if you get bad connections from your WiFi (whether something is interfering or can't reach) and want to connect more directly to your router. 2) if your main router is located in another room, but you want to connect up to 4 devices (such as gaming consoles, printers, Blu-Ray players) via ethernet -- without putting holes in your walls or spending more than you should on long cables. I really have not noticed any difference from using my wireless. The design is really simple and nothing fancy. It also comes with 2 ethernet cables. The manual really isn't necessary to read, but it does NOT recommend plugging it in a surge protector (recommends directly to the wall outlet)--however, I tried it any way and I haven't encountered any difference/or a problem. What the Quick Start guide manual really should have covered is about the LED colors (if the plug sign LED turns red, it means it's getting less than 50MBps; orange is 50-100; and green is 100+). I'm on regular DSL, and it is always RED. It also does not really cover much about the small button on the back with the "lock symbol" (this button is also on the smaller MegaPlug adapter), which allows the 128-bit AES security data encryption. However, I have no idea if encryption is properly being enabled or not. The guide briefly notes on the back that it comes with a "generic" encryption key, so if you want to change it to something of your own, you have to visit their website for "further instructions", which I could not find. Overall, I give it a 4 for it's simplicity, and so far, it has done what it is intended to do, but it would have been nicer if it came with some kind of software to monitor the connection/speeds/security/bandwidth control/etc. Basically, it's really simple.	The MegaPlug 200 Mbps AV Powerline Ethernet Adapter & 4-port Hub Kit uses your home electrical lines to create up to a 200 Mbps network throughout your home. Perfect for high-bandwidth applications like HD video and audio streaming. Access high-speed internet, DirecTV On-Demand, Blu-Ray players, Tivo, DVRs, Slingbox, HDTV's with internet access and online services such as Netflix. Powerline adapters can reach places wireless can not, so they are perfect solutions for computers, printers and fax ...
20666	simple to install, perfect to expand home network	I got this because I have a few items that don't have wi-fi, but I want to be able to connect them to my network. My network router is in the office and running cables through the house would just not be feasible. I bought , but wanted to be able to expand since I have more items to connect to the network. This is super easy to install. Just plug one end into the router and the wall then plug the other end into your electronics and the wall. That's it. It really is that easy. I set it up with my Hava player and it worked perfectly. I was a little disappointed that it is not compatible with the TrendNet. It appears that you must buy the same brand to expand your network into multiple rooms.	The MegaPlug 200 Mbps AV Powerline Ethernet Adapter & 4-port Hub Kit uses your home electrical lines to create up to a 200 Mbps network throughout your home. Perfect for high-bandwidth applications like HD video and audio streaming. Access high-speed internet, DirecTV On-Demand, Blu-Ray players, Tivo, DVRs, Slingbox, HDTV's with internet access and online services such as Netflix. Powerline adapters can reach places wireless can not, so they are perfect solutions for computers, printers and fax ...
20672	A Quick Internet Solution	If you don't want the hassle of running Ethernet cables to that back bedroom, or dealing with your wireless router's flaky signal, then you could give the Actiontec Megaplug 200 kit a try. But before you do, be aware of the number one issue with powerline networking (read on!). My home has an existing wireless network consisting of a centrally located modem/wireless router/network printer, and three computers and games consoles located in three different rooms. To begin, I plugged the smaller, block Megaplug into the wall near my modem, and connected it to my wireless router using the supplied Ethernet cable. I then took the 4-port hub Megaplug into the room with a computer and an XBOX 360, plugging both into the 4-port hub. Within a minute, both were up and running on their new powerline connection. However, I was lucky. Why? Well, since the kit uses your house's electrical wiring like a traditional Ethernet cable, you must "complete the circuit" between the Actiontec Megaplugs for it to work. This is a problem (the number one problem mentioned above, and why I knocked off a star) if your electrical outlets are not on the same power circuit. If they aren't, it just won't work. Period. Still, if you are lucky enough to find your electrical outlets are on the same circuit, in the rooms where you want to use the internet, then you'll find that the Actiontec Megaplugs can be a quick and simple way to add an internet connection to that room of your house. This is especially useful if that room/computer gets a poor wireless signal from your existing wireless router. The advantage of powerline networking is a more reliable 'hardwire' connection than wireless, while not requiring you to run traditional Ethernet cables. In conclusion, if you are after a quick and easy 'wired' internet connection, and if your electrical circuits are suitable, then the Actiontec Megaplug 200 kit might be worth a look.	The MegaPlug 200 Mbps AV Powerline Ethernet Adapter & 4-port Hub Kit uses your home electrical lines to create up to a 200 Mbps network throughout your home. Perfect for high-bandwidth applications like HD video and audio streaming. Access high-speed internet, DirecTV On-Demand, Blu-Ray players, Tivo, DVRs, Slingbox, HDTV's with internet access and online services such as Netflix. Powerline adapters can reach places wireless can not, so they are perfect solutions for computers, printers and fax ...
20676	A useful and functional product, but some caveats to be aware of	This device does what it advertises pretty successfully, but it does so with some risk, depending on how much of a stickler you are for power surge protection. The devices require/request that you do *not* plug them into surge protectors on both ends, and since the Ethernet jack goes right into the device, if your computer or DVR etc. was protected with a surge suppressor before, you're now at risk because you've plugged into a network cable that's plugged directly into regular power. For many users this might not be a concern if your switch or router (cable modem, DSL modem, etc.) in the house isn't also protected by a UPS or surge protector. The documentation in the box I received did not reflect the proper model that I received exactly. It looked like it was for an older model of the same device. I did go online, however, and find the right manual from the manufacturers website. In the end, I think I may end up using this device to put a computer in the attic and provide a public webcam view of my street for fun. This would be great to add out in a garage that's not attached to the house, to use outdoors if you want to have an outdoor access point (weather protected of course) or providing Ethernet in some other location where it's just not feasible to run Ethernet cable, use wireless. It also says that both devices need to be on the same circuit, but while mine are not it still works. I use the product to provide an Ethernet connection in a block building where running an Ethernet cable several yards was not realistic. It would have required conduit on the wall, and would have been a real eye sore. This product allows me to plug one end into the switch and the other end at the computer with no additional cables across the interior of the open block building.	The MegaPlug 200 Mbps AV Powerline Ethernet Adapter & 4-port Hub Kit uses your home electrical lines to create up to a 200 Mbps network throughout your home. Perfect for high-bandwidth applications like HD video and audio streaming. Access high-speed internet, DirecTV On-Demand, Blu-Ray players, Tivo, DVRs, Slingbox, HDTV's with internet access and online services such as Netflix. Powerline adapters can reach places wireless can not, so they are perfect solutions for computers, printers and fax ...
20677	A Great Alternative to WiFi	Anyone who has set up a wifi network knows that it is hardly a smooth process. The Actiontec Megaplug Powerline Ethernet Adapter and Hub Kit allows for painless network setup even for nontechnical or computer illiterate folks. All you need to do is follow 3 basic steps: 1) Connect the included ethernet cable from your modem/router to the ethernet adapter 2) Connect the included ethernet cable from your computer to the 4 port hub. 3) Plug both units directly to a wall power socket. That is it. No software to install. No encryption passwords to setup. Just a straightforward and secure connection using the electrical wiring in your home. Of course there are some caveats that you must heed for this to work correctly. Namely that you must plug this directly to the power outlet (no surge supressors as this can block the signal). A simple extension cord will work though it will probably slow the connection slightly. Other than that this is a great alternative to WiFi. *** Positive Points Include: *** - Easy installation and setup - Decent build quality - Has all the cables that you will need - The four port Hub allows you to connect mutliple devices, though you are limited as to how far they are located by the length of the ethernet cable. - more secure than Wifi because people cannot see the presence of your network *** Negative Points Include: *** - Very sparse setup guide and no real user's manual. The setup is easy but it would be nice to have a proper manual. - The included ethernet cables are pretty short so if your electrical outlet is far from your router or cable modem then you will need a longer cable (I just used a simple extension cord and it works fine) - Most computers won't see 200Mbps speeds because they have 10/100 Mbps ethernet ports. - Definitely slower than my Wireless G Wifi network, though the convenience and security makes it worth the slightly slower speeds. - Electrical problems in your house could make the connection slow down, though my house has 30 year old wiring (hybrid of copper and aluminum) that works pretty well. - It would be nice if the Ethernet Adapter also had a hub built in to allow you to connect devices closer to your modem/router. Overall: This is a great product that is easy to setup and use and offers better security than wifi.	The MegaPlug 200 Mbps AV Powerline Ethernet Adapter & 4-port Hub Kit uses your home electrical lines to create up to a 200 Mbps network throughout your home. Perfect for high-bandwidth applications like HD video and audio streaming. Access high-speed internet, DirecTV On-Demand, Blu-Ray players, Tivo, DVRs, Slingbox, HDTV's with internet access and online services such as Netflix. Powerline adapters can reach places wireless can not, so they are perfect solutions for computers, printers and fax ...
3266	Antec power supply problems	The case arrived with a dead power supply. A spare power supply I had worked fine with my new computer build. A google search on "antec power supply problen" revealed this was not an isolated problem. Amazon was great in returning this case.	The first desktop in BrandXYZs award winning Solution Series of enclosures has arrived. The NSK2480 Desktop case features a unique triple-chamber structure, designed to isolate the heat and noise produced by the power supply and hard drives, ensuring a quiete computing environment. Along with its exceptional ventilation and attractively understated styling, the NSK2480 also includes an 80 PLUS Certified EarthWatts 380 Watt ATX12Vv2.2 power supply with universal input and Active PFC, so you can p...
3840	Support is very poor	Unless you plan to use any Coolsat model for true free to air don't waste your money. The hardware is great. Support for Coolsat doesn't exist. DO NOT BUY! Move on to Viewsat, Sonicview, or Captiveworks.	The new BrandXYZ 7100 PVR FTA receiver replaces the 7000 PVR model. The BrandXYZ 7100 PVR comes with 2 USB slots (front and back). BrandXYZ 7100 micro PVR allows you to tape all the best shows even when you are home! This receiver allows you to hook up your own hard drives and tape satellite tv shows whenever you want. The BrandXYZ 7100 comes with a 1GB USB flash drive, enabling You to record instantly, right out of the box.
20681	Easy to set up, works out of the box.	So, the only thing better than this is a wired ethernet connection, at least in my house. We have 3 Airport Extreme networks (1x5GHz 802.11n, 1x2.4GHz 802.11n, and 1x2.4GHz 802.11 b/g/n). I am extremely happy with the wireless intranet and internet performance. However, if I need to transfer very large files or want to watch a DVD on my Mac mini but the rip is on my Mac Pro, 802.11n doesn't cut it. Enter the Actiontec MegaPlug 200. Set it up by my Mac Pro. Much faster connection to the internet - almost instantaneous home page opening in Safari. Files move faster, though I am currently copying my data from my Drobo to my Mac Pro, so I didn't do any measurements. As for DVDs, still no joy. I get dropouts really frequently on 802.11n, much less frequent with the MegaPlug, but still about one every 4-seconds or so. Dropouts are almost non-existent with wired ethernet, though BD rips will not play without dropouts (very infrequent and much shorter... the sound seems to warble, not drop out completely, and the video hesitates for fractions of a second). Looks like direct drive is still the way to go with DVD/BD data. Anyway, this is a good product. It comes with 2xCAT 5 cables, a power cord, and the two parts. Plug 'em in according to the quick start sheet and you're golden. It actually worked out of the box, and that's saying something today. If you want fast internet connections and don't want the expense of a wireless network, this is one product you should try out. I'm going to use it for my upstairs TiVo. I'm betting it'll allow much better transfers and real time viewing on the downstair TiVo... I'll be back to add what comes of that... Added: so, my guess was correct. Using Apple Airport Express 802.11n I could not transfer a program from one TiVo HD to the other and watch it on the receiving TiVo without several stops to allow the transfer to catch up. Also, the transfer seemed to take real-time... and hour show took an hour to transfer. With the MegaPlug 200, the transferring of and HD program was faster, not stops for catch up, and the acquiring of the program data exceeded the viewing of that data. Not by a lot (you cannot get it fast enough to fast-forward through commercials), but enough to have excess ahead of realtime watching. Pretty cool tool, actually. It may be possible that it would work faster If I were on the exact same electrical circuit, also. However, that's asking too much from a 23-year-old, two story house.	The MegaPlug 200 Mbps AV Powerline Ethernet Adapter & 4-port Hub Kit uses your home electrical lines to create up to a 200 Mbps network throughout your home. Perfect for high-bandwidth applications like HD video and audio streaming. Access high-speed internet, DirecTV On-Demand, Blu-Ray players, Tivo, DVRs, Slingbox, HDTV's with internet access and online services such as Netflix. Powerline adapters can reach places wireless can not, so they are perfect solutions for computers, printers and fax ...
20716	Once again - fantastic sound, but still not perfect.	As with all the Altec Lansing speakers I've owned, these have fantastic sound. And as with all of them, they didn't QUITE have the design to warrant a perfect score. I also have the BASS-fanatical speakers, , and while they don't take up as much space as 2 speakers + sub, their versatility is somewhat limited by the amount of bass that you may not always want (and it's not adjustable.) For this 3 piece set, the bass IS adjustable, which makes a profound difference depending on the range of music you listen to. (There's nothing really wrong with the bass-heavy ones...they sound great, but there are times when that much bass isn't wanted.) So, between the two, I'd go with this set. Also, an older set, , I would say sound roughly equivalent to these. But they're kind of an eye-sore. Again, between this set and the older set, these win out. With their great sound, adjustable bass, stylish looks, there are few reasons I wouldn't recommend buying these...but there are a couple reasons. 1. There is no headphone pass-through. I'm not sure if this is an impossible option to add despite sounding so simple, but Altec Lansing sure doesn't think it's an important option. 2. The hard-wired connection between the satellites isn't a delight...but what's more frustrating for me is that the cable between them is REALLY long... but the cable you hook to your audio device/computer connects to the subwoofer...and it's pretty short, which is odd (see #3.) 3. I'm not sure when seeing a subwoofer became stylish (this one certainly looks nice), but most people kind of stuff it away, out of sight, out of mind. You can't do that with this set. The POWER button is on top of the subwoofer (along with bass-control), and if you put the subwoofer under your desk...there's a good chance the included cable won't make it to your computer's audio out jack. 4. The satellites nor the sub are magnetically shielded. The satellites probably don't matter much (most people don't use CRT anymore, and even so, the strength of the magnet is pretty low. The sub may pose a problem if you want to put it by your computer - I would assume it's a good sized magnet that you wouldn't want constantly next to your computer. Despite this, I personally feel speakers should be judged on how well the sound as the major factor...and these sound awesome. Recommended...as close to the perfect computer speakers that you'll find on the market. ============================ UPDATE 8/16/2009: I've been using these speakers for a while now, and I wouldn't change my review of them based on sound quality. However, the power button (not-so-conveniently placed on top of the sub-woofer) doesn't power these up 100% of the time. Sometimes I need to click the button 4-5 times before the light (on the satellite speaker) comes on, denoting they're actually getting power. Not sure if others have had this problem, but it's pretty annoying.	The Expressionist Plus music system is a serious performer in a small package. The stylish, adjustable satellites deliver pure, distinct full-spectrum sound from precision-engineered 2? speakers and the 5.25? space-saving desktop subwoofer fills your space with deep bass. Tuck the compact subwoofer under your desk or on your desktop. Set-up is a snap, so enjoy terrific sound from your computer, CD, DVD, or MP3 player right out of the box.
20683	Great card for low powered computer system	Preliminary Report: Disclaimer: I do not advise you to test your own computer; I am doing this at my own risk and cannot be responsible for you. I was intrigued by reports of using this video card in a computer system with only a 250 watt Power supply unit (PSU)!!!. Normally, the recommended PSU is 350-400 watts (Interesting - the outside of the MSI box said "400". The instruction book inside said "350"). So I did some research. A full computer system made by HP has a Geforce 9600 factory installed with only a stock 350 w PSU. So I have decided to test it on a lower powered system, an Acer M1100 AMD 4400+ 64x2; 320GB HDD; DVD burner; 4 gb memory; 250 w PSU. There are two versions of this chipset (Nvidia Geforce 9600 series): one with 96 watts of power consumption and a lower power unit with 59 watts. The Nvidia chipset (which MSI uses in its video card) is the 59 w version, a savings of almost 40% in power consumption! There are negligible differences between the higher and lower powered chipsets resulting in similar performance. The only differences (besides power consumption), are: Graphics Clock (MHz) - 650 MHz vs 600 MHz; Processor Clock (MHz) 1625 MHz vs 1500 MHz; Texture Fill Rate (billion/sec) 20.8 vs 19.2 respectively for the 96 vs 59 w units. All other specs are the same. I am not a hard core gamer. Others have written on a good performance with this MSI video card. So as a test, I added it to my computer system at a reasonable cost. Installation and first looks: The card is 8 inches long, requires extra space - a PCI Express slot and an adjacent card slot. Inserting the card was easy. Be careful to make sure you have enough room. High powered video cards reguire a lot of width (the fan!)and length. The way today's motherboards are made, you need two card slots (Why? MB's should have double wide slots and you shouldn't have to lose valuable PCI or Express slots to accomodate these cards). Installing the video drivers was another story. It seemed to take a long time for the drivers to install and when the computer was rebooted, it only recognized a standard VGA quality card (depressing)! After trying to figure what went wrong, it appeared a 2nd reboot solved the problem. When I upgraded the driver from the Nvidia website....same problem. Frustrating! The MSI CD disk was poor. Some of the utilities didn't install because the programmers changed the names! The overclocking utility is called "Dual Core Center" - here you can overclock the graphics and processor clocks or decrease them. The speed of the fan will not adjust - appears to be auto only. Some of the utilities were old 2003 era software to adjust your monitor screen etc. There are no included cables ( not needed if you use the VGA port) else you have to buy the cables. Once you get it all working, the card performs! It ranks up there but is NOT the highest. The Geforce 295 series are currently on the top of the heap, but these cards would never run in my system. I used a video testing program to "stress" the card. Initial temperature was around 130 deg F and after 40 min it was 170 deg F (75 deg C)....HOT. The fan was not noisy at all even with all that heat. I have a factory installed 2nd fan around the area of the card. It has slow rpm's and I may change out the fan for a stronger and faster one (but this is optional and appears not to be needed). A demo FarCry 2004 game did NOT texture correctly - water and land were all blue. While it ran, was not playable. Call of Duty 4 demo 2007 ran fine. Warmonger supplied by Nvidia ran fine in the practice mode; did not test on the multiplayer mode. (My "fine" is that it has nice graphics at a high enough resolution without slowing down....... NOT the highest resolution possible). My Vista graphics rating went from 3.0 to 5.9 and overall from 3.0 to 5.0 on the entire computer system. It appears that many computers, on the mid to lower end, the weakest link is the GPU. Upgrading the GPU, makes the overall system to be more responsive with games but I have not tested it with business graphic programs. Up and running: I have been running my computer system and playing various test games and pleased to report that the system is holding up fine. Heat generated by the GPU is 140 deg F or below running action computer games. When not stressed it is around 125 F. Now why does my system handle a higher end GPU without difficulty? My research shows that even with everything running, my power usage is under 250w. I don't know the efficiency of my PSU. Assuming 80% x 250 = 200 w actual. The peak power of all components on my system is theoretically about 236 w (peak power is never reached in actuality). My CPU is the AMD 4400+ (Code name:Brisbane; Note: there are several versions of the 4400+) which only consumes 65 w of power. I don't know the actual power my computer system is using and I have purchased Kill-A-Watt to measure it under gaming conditions. Other thoughts: I suspect that the PSU is running close to full power, really something I don't want to do over the long haul. My goal was to see if my 250 w cheap stock PSU would do it and it was the "little engine that could". The stock PSU is a Liteon which came with the Acer system. I looks like a generic PSU that is very inexpensively made. The fan exhaust was very warm. Like running your Kia at 100 mph per hour - it can be done but do you want to do it all the time? Better to have a bigger engine (or power supply). I did switch out the power supply for an overkill 585 w PSU with 39 A (12v) total which is extreme for my system. The fan exhaust is now cooler and the GPU standby temp dropped to 115 deg F with the new dual fan PSU. Further testing update: After writing this review,I used Kill-a-Watt to test the power usage. I found the my computer only uses about 120 watts of power with the new GPU. When stessing the GPU with the video testing program, power consumption increased to 160 w. If my power supply is rated at 250 w with 70% efficiency = 175 w (generic PSU's are around 70% efficient; better ones are 80% or higher but 100% is not possible)the PSU should be enough except for the most demanding situations. With the games I used, it only consumed 145 w max. still within limits. So I probably did not need to switch for a more powerful PSU. I advise you to check out your computer system with a Kill-a-Watt tester to get a baseline on how much power (watts) your system is using before upgrading your PSU. Another thought: Update the latest drivers directly from Nvidia. I don't like the software included with this GPU. However that did not enter into my ratings. Overall: An excellent low powered high performing GPU converting a lower level computer to a better gaming machine. (My system of course is not intended for you high end gamers ;)	MSI Dual CoreCell technologyMSI DOT Express technologyMSI StarOSDMSI Shader O.C. technologyPCI Express 2.0HDMI supportHDCP capableBlue-ray and HD DVD supportNVIDIA CUDA technology
20684	Good, but Noisy Fan	This Video card improves my Vista Home 32-bit score from 4.1 to 5.6, but didn't realized it was Fan Sink, rather than heat sink version at times it bothersome with the noise, even without gaming or extreme programming. I'm not sure if there heat sink available for this NVIDIA 9600 series PCI-e 2.0 with DDR3. Makes vista lags a little bit. Not a gamer, but played some high graphics games such as Call of Duty Modern Warfare and it has no problem at all with it. PROS: Good acceralation on TV Live, Standard HD HDMI & DVI ports, CONS: Fan Sink (Noisy), Easily Heated, large-size PCI-e little challenge to install in small cases, lags.	MSI Dual CoreCell technologyMSI DOT Express technologyMSI StarOSDMSI Shader O.C. technologyPCI Express 2.0HDMI supportHDCP capableBlue-ray and HD DVD supportNVIDIA CUDA technology
20719	Even My Wife Exclaimed "Wow!"	I have to say that these are really superior amplified speakers. The full range they produce, including LOTS of bass should that be desired, is all for which one could ask. They are in fact far better in sound reproduction than the Altec Lansing Expressionist CLASSIC FX2020 amplified speakers which I had gotten from Amazon previously and which themselves are no slouches in overall sound quality. The majority of the music I play is classical music and I am a fan of good sound. I do not use such superior speakers as these for computer sound, preferring to use them with much better sound sources. Of course, others may enjoy using them with their computers and MP3 players and they will be assured of top-notch sound, as good as can be gotten from those sources. However I myself will use these with the best possible sound sources; they are that good. I started the music and my cat walked in to hear what was going on followed by my wife who was astounded. Normally she is not interested at all in my hi-fi equipment but, on hearing these, she expressed her astonishment that such "big" sound was coming from such small speakers. I think that anyone who buys these speakers will be pleasantly astounded as well. Is there a fly in the ointment? Well yes, a small one; the two satellite speakers are hard-wired together. Now I am no fan of any electronic equipment being hard-wired but I suppose that this is Altec-Lansing's design philosophy. In view of the absolutely amazing sound this small system produces, I can forgive this small lapse. If you're reading this review, you're interested in these speakers. Buy them. You'll never regret the purchase - and, as you all know, Amazon stands in back of its offerings and better than that you cannot get! ==================================================================================== Update: July 18, 2009 I have continued to use these speakers today and the more I use them the more impressed I am. I recommend that users set the bass volume control to about one o'clock - no higher - for best overall reproduction. Too much bass will overwhelm the midrange. Note too that these speakers can play VERY loudly but, if one attempts to play them at very high levels, some distortion will be heard. Playing them at "sane" levels produces superior, very smooth, sound quality which will fill any normal room in one's home. I really do wish that the satellite speakers were not hard-wired; I would have liked to separate them even more as their imaging appears to be very good. Several favorite recordings (see my review of the for a list of them) confirm, to my ears, that these speakers are absolutely excellent in performance, design, and quality. If one were somewhat cash-strapped (not uncommon in these times!), one could purchase these amplified speakers and a small switcher box (with appropriate cables) and, after adding sound sources (CD player, cassette deck, phonograph [incorporating a phono preamp section], or computer), that person would have one terrific audio system which would cost very little and whose sound quality would definitely belie its small price tag. I did try it with my computer (after all, they ARE marketed as computer speakers); as expected, the sound quality was first-rate. I REALLY recommend this item to all. ==================================================================================== Update: August 11, 2009 I bought a SilverLake 22 inch multi-pocket duffel bag #F6022 ($15.99 at Marshall's) in which to store/carry these speakers. They are odd-shaped overall and I like to use them in various rooms about the house. This bag is perfect - it holds the speakers and other accessories perfectly and makes it easy to carry everything around. I find myself using these speakers more and more, sometimes even in preference to my "regular" speakers (Klipschorns and Mordaunt-Short Pageant Series II) and systems because it is so easy to set these up anyplace. An advantage is that a system such as this (portable CD player or portable cassette tape player along with these speakers) draws much less electric current than my main systems. What is really most important, however, is the overall sound quality - and, as I have stated, in my opinion, the sound quality these speakers provide is positively first-class. I see that Amazon has lowered its price to a level which should make these irresistible. I believe that anyone desiring good portable speakers at a good price can do no better than these. ==================================================================================== Update: October 6, 2009 Today I hooked up these speakers to a spare turntable - a Technics Quartz Direct Drive Automatic Turntable System SL-Q200 and this . (And by the way, you can safely disregard any comments that this preamp causes hum; it does not. I believe that the people so commenting in their reviews do not have their connections correct or it is even possible that their home wiring is not properly grounded. In any case this unit produces absolutely NO hum whatsoever in my system.) Last night I had tried this turntable/phono preamp combination with my ; if you are interested, I recommend that you read my review of that product, which is an excellent one. But playing a turntable and vinyl LP records through this Altec-Lansing speaker system -- well, all I can do is repeat: WOW! As I'm writing this, I am listening to ELGAR & WALTON MARCHES with Sir Adrian Boult conducting the London Philharmonic Orchestra [Angel S-37436]. I think that if you were in my room listening to this with me, you'd exclaim "WOW!" too! These speakers are somewhat large and a bit clumsy; nonetheless, the sound they produce is positively first-rate. In my opinion, they are almost wasted as computer speakers. They deserve MUCH better sound sources, such as CD or, and most especially, a good turntable along with a good phono preamp. Really they do! These speakers can form the nucleus of a really excellent and really inexpensive sound system. While on the large side, you CAN travel with them and they can be carried about the house with ease. In my opinion, and especially at their low price, these represent an astonishingly good value for money and I positively continue to highly recommend them.	The Expressionist Plus music system is a serious performer in a small package. The stylish, adjustable satellites deliver pure, distinct full-spectrum sound from precision-engineered 2? speakers and the 5.25? space-saving desktop subwoofer fills your space with deep bass. Tuck the compact subwoofer under your desk or on your desktop. Set-up is a snap, so enjoy terrific sound from your computer, CD, DVD, or MP3 player right out of the box.
20725	CRISP SOUND IN A TOTALLY UNIQUE DESIGN	This is another quality product from Altec Lansing. I cannot help but be impressed with this "EXPRESSIONIST" speakers---crisp & crystal clear sound in a totally new and unique design configuration. After unpacking, I immediately hooked it up with my laptop to test-run the speakers in a variety of sound settings in my laptop's equalizer. Totally blown away by what this speaker can do. Although average as far as sound strength is concerned, the clarity is very impressive. The little tweeters produces the distinct highs and the subwoofers are ample enough to reproduce bass in its desirable form. The small configuration of these speakers will not overwhelm a large room but for casual listening in near distances (i.e. small rooms), sound reproduction is more than what you may expect. Hook-up was a breeze, everything is pretty self-explanatory, no need to consult the manual. Their small size means they can be tucked away unobstrusively in your desk or working space. I love to have a clear desk free of clutter and this speakers can be placed in places where it will not hamper your work space. Can also be hooked up with your MP3 player. Overall another worthy product from a company who specializes in audio peripherals. Highly recommended!	The Expressionist Plus music system is a serious performer in a small package. The stylish, adjustable satellites deliver pure, distinct full-spectrum sound from precision-engineered 2? speakers and the 5.25? space-saving desktop subwoofer fills your space with deep bass. Tuck the compact subwoofer under your desk or on your desktop. Set-up is a snap, so enjoy terrific sound from your computer, CD, DVD, or MP3 player right out of the box.
20726	A Good 2.1 Choice, if you don't mind a little hiss.	I was pleasantly surprised by this set of stereo speakers with subwoofer. The sound is crisp, with decent mid-range and suitably potent lows. The cone shape is very basic, but works well. Even though they don't specifically say you can do so, I was able to easily mount mine on the wall on either side of my computer screen thanks to the metal stands being small-yet-durable. That means I was able to dedicate desk space to the subwoofer, which has controls for power and separate subwoofer volume. If I want more bass, I need only twist the dial. The right speaker has master volume controls on it, allowing you to adjust up or down with the push of a button; No dials here. I was impressed by how loud these speakers could get with no distortion. The amber LED power indicator is dim enough not to be a bother when you have the speakers in your bedroom and want to get some sleep. The subwoofer is a little bigger than I expected, but sounds great; It's a worthy trade-off. The connections for everything are in the back of the subwoofer, and there's even a jack for an additional audio device, such as an MP3 player. I have a lot of different sets of stereo speakers, and so far this is the one that impresses me most. I was formerly very happy with Altec Lansing's cheaper BXR1221, but the difference between those and the Expressionist is clear. You get a noticeable boost in quality and power when you spend the extra sixty bucks. It's also pretty easy to set up, and looks great on your desktop. One negative is that the satellites are hard-wired. It's no big deal if you're using them for a PC, like I am, but I'd imagine some people might want more separation and that's not possible with these. Final verdict? This ain't a bad way to spend ninety-nine bucks if you want some decent sounds. Impressive for the size and price. UPDATE: Not being an audiophile, I didn't notice it at first but these speakers have a very clear hiss. When all sources are muted, you can still hear it, too. Frankly, I find it a bit disappointing considering the price-range these speakers are aimed at. It's unusual for Altec Lansing speakers to have such noise, but I can't deny it's there, and once noticed, you can't ignore it. Of course, your mileage may vary. I can deal with it, as it's not all that loud, but it is there and I'd expect better of a $100 speaker system, especially when the $30 speakers I own don't have this issue.	The Expressionist Plus music system is a serious performer in a small package. The stylish, adjustable satellites deliver pure, distinct full-spectrum sound from precision-engineered 2? speakers and the 5.25? space-saving desktop subwoofer fills your space with deep bass. Tuck the compact subwoofer under your desk or on your desktop. Set-up is a snap, so enjoy terrific sound from your computer, CD, DVD, or MP3 player right out of the box.
20727	Very good speaker system	This latest Altec Lansing Speaker System is pretty impressive. Right out of the box I was impressed with its design. The satellite speakers are very small and take up little space on my desk. They also adjust up/down. Volume control is on the top of the right speaker, not the back, making volume easy to adjust. I'd prefer they weren't hard wired to each other, but it's not a big deal. The sub-woofer is very cool looking. Not your usual box design. Power and separate volume for the sub-woofer are easily controlled by a knob on top of it. There are separate hookups on it for the computer and aux input. I tested the system with my computer's digital music collection, and was very pleased. The satellite speakers produced tremendous highs, and the sub-woofer produced decent bass. It could use a little more power, but it works well if you don't turn its volume up too high. Doing so creates a lot of bass distortion. Leaving the sub-woofer's volume at about 50% worked well. The system as a whole lacked a little in mid-range. Nothing major, and it didn't bother me since I'm a "bass and treble" person anyway. I listened to several types of music and the results were all good. For a low wattage 2.1 system, the sound is about as good as you're going to get in this price range.	The Expressionist Plus music system is a serious performer in a small package. The stylish, adjustable satellites deliver pure, distinct full-spectrum sound from precision-engineered 2? speakers and the 5.25? space-saving desktop subwoofer fills your space with deep bass. Tuck the compact subwoofer under your desk or on your desktop. Set-up is a snap, so enjoy terrific sound from your computer, CD, DVD, or MP3 player right out of the box.
20731	Untolerable HISS	When I plugged these things in, the first thing I noticed was a very audible hiss from the speakers. I tried unplugging the audio source, the hiss was still there. I tried plugging these in a different room, hiss is still there. The hiss is the same level whether the volume is turned all the way up or all the way down. I returned the speakers hoping that I simply received a defective product. I wanted a replacement because, other than the hiss, the sound quality was amazing. So a week later, I receive the replacement speakers. The same loud hiss is on these! I had to return these too. I got the Creative Labs GigaWorks T20, WOW, I have to listen very carefully to hear just the slightest bit of hiss.	The Expressionist Plus music system is a serious performer in a small package. The stylish, adjustable satellites deliver pure, distinct full-spectrum sound from precision-engineered 2? speakers and the 5.25? space-saving desktop subwoofer fills your space with deep bass. Tuck the compact subwoofer under your desk or on your desktop. Set-up is a snap, so enjoy terrific sound from your computer, CD, DVD, or MP3 player right out of the box.
20736	It would've been great - if it didn't break.	There's something that I need in my life every day. And that is music. And what makes great music enjoyable is when it comes from crystal clear speakers that are capable of out putting rich sound that can travel throughout the room without sounding cheap. I'm a designer, and it's important for me to have something I can get lost in and when I have music playing, it makes it that much easier. Finally fed up with wearing head phones all the time and "it'll do" computer speakers, I figured it was time to invest in a beautiful set. I even made the leap to Amazon Prime just so I could get these suckers right away. Enter the Altec Lansing Expressionist, a great looking speaker set that does just what I wanted to. Put out great sound and bass... ... until an hour later when the bass blew. Keep in my I work in a loft with 50 other people so the music is not loud at all. Barely a whisper for me to hear it. And although I do love my bass, I'm sure the guy across from me doesn't want to feel his desk vibrate ... so no, the sub woofer was not nearly turned up high enough to blow that quickly (and would that really be a sufficient excuse?). My bass now rattles. My sound no longer has that 2.1 stereo sound... instead it's just 2... and it's flat and not nearly as captive as it was for the first hour. I was impressed and blown away by the sound for the price range... but it broke. Right out of the box. From little to no use. An hour later and I'm left pretty much back at square one. I've emailed customer support, and was optimistic when they added me to their support system, only to sit here 4 days later and not hear one word or email from them. While I'm sure these speakers are great when they work and worth every penny, it worries me that this company simply can't make great products. Browsing through reviews I saw a few here and there that alarmed me, but I figured I'd be OKAY and took a chance. Wrong. Looking back now, I think I'd rather invest $50 more and get the Harmon Kardon speakers, or the JBL Creature speakers that my co worker has. I wanted to be spiffy and different ... and it turned out I accomplished just that ... if only for the hour my bass lived. I do NOT recommend this product to anyone... unless you've always had good luck in your life. Then maybe you won't get a defected unit like some of us. I'll update more once I see how customer service handles this, but so far no dice.	The Expressionist Plus music system is a serious performer in a small package. The stylish, adjustable satellites deliver pure, distinct full-spectrum sound from precision-engineered 2? speakers and the 5.25? space-saving desktop subwoofer fills your space with deep bass. Tuck the compact subwoofer under your desk or on your desktop. Set-up is a snap, so enjoy terrific sound from your computer, CD, DVD, or MP3 player right out of the box.
20738	Compact? I think not!	OK, I am not that picky about audio quality so for me the great sound from these is not enough to warrant the gigantic footprint. I expected the subwoofer to tuck behind the base of my flat panel monitor and actually gain space from the satellites having replaced my existing speakers. There is no way the subwoofer is getting tucked anywhere. The thing is giant! Since it will never be acceptable for use at my computer desk, I set it up as a stand-alone with my MP3 player. For this purpose, it will make a nice system. The sound is clear, crisp and loud enough to use for a small though "profusely corded" party sound system. The cable between the satellites is not very long so don't expect to do any sort of whole room surround sound effect. All in all unless you are REALLY FUSSY ABOUT AUDIO, I'd say save yourself some money and get the Altec Lansing Speakers for Computers/MP3 Players with Crystal-Clear Sound (Black) [...]	The Expressionist Plus music system is a serious performer in a small package. The stylish, adjustable satellites deliver pure, distinct full-spectrum sound from precision-engineered 2? speakers and the 5.25? space-saving desktop subwoofer fills your space with deep bass. Tuck the compact subwoofer under your desk or on your desktop. Set-up is a snap, so enjoy terrific sound from your computer, CD, DVD, or MP3 player right out of the box.
20755	Incredable	I just can't believe how beautiful a Led display can be. Ps3 games look incredible and blu rays jump out of the screen. Sharp has found a way to make Led the new standard in home entertainment and I could not have been any happier with my purchase. Thank you Sharp!	With the introduction of the LC46LE700UN, BrandXYZ combines its legendary AQUOS LCD panel technology with a newly developed, proprietary Full Array LED backlight system to create picture quality that is second to none. The LC46LE700UN illustrates BrandXYZ's LCD technology leadership while also demonstrating its LED engineering advantages. BrandXYZ's Ultra Brilliant LED system illuminates the TV to extremely high brightness and contrast levels and enables significant environmental benefits such a...
20756	My First HDTV	This is the firt HDTV I ever owned so I can't really say if it's better or worse than others. To be honest, I bought it because my wife has been hounding me to buy one for about two years and I was getting sick of listening to her. I originally went to a local appliance store and looked at several TVs sitting next to each other. The picure on the Aquos was much clearer and sharper (in my mind) than just about every other set. I also wanted a fully backlit LED LCD screen for the enhanced picture quality and energy savings. Amazon had a really good price (about $300 less than the local store) and the white glove delivery was great! I like this TV, but in the end, it's just a TV, nothing more, nothing less, so I can't get too excited about it.	With the introduction of the LC46LE700UN, BrandXYZ combines its legendary AQUOS LCD panel technology with a newly developed, proprietary Full Array LED backlight system to create picture quality that is second to none. The LC46LE700UN illustrates BrandXYZ's LCD technology leadership while also demonstrating its LED engineering advantages. BrandXYZ's Ultra Brilliant LED system illuminates the TV to extremely high brightness and contrast levels and enables significant environmental benefits such a...
20740	Competitors Better Take Notes!	Edifier's competitors better take notes! This Canadian company means business! I just purchased the Edifier S330D 2.1 multimedia speakers! They are simply fantastic in every way! Great looking, great sounding and extremely well built! Logitech, Creative, Klipsch, Bose and Altec Lansing better watch their backs! Or this Canadian Company "Edifier" is going to have them for lunch! The Edifier S330D is not only terrific, but is priced way lower than compareably featured speakers from any of the competitors! I can't say enough about how well built and rock solid these Edifier speakers are! They're simply unbelieveable! I never even heard of them till this year. They've been around for about 10 years, I believe. I just purchased a new HP desktop here at Amazon.com. I needed to upgrade my old Yamaha speakers (9 years old)! Started searching for something good! Most speakers today are simply junk. Older models were actually better made than the new ones! Some of the prices other companies want is obsurd! I actually stubled upon these by sheer luck. Started doing some research and found nothing but fantastic reviews, both professional and user alike! So I figured what the heck! I would give them a try. Very glad I did. They also have both Digital optical and coaxial input connections on these speakers. They even include an Optical digital cable (no coaxial, although)with these speakers! Something you can't get from anyone else in this price range! They match my new HP desktop very well! With a rich glossy piano black finish on the satellites! They're also great for my new HP desktops' ASUS(Pegatron) built motherboard, with it's integrated 24-bit Realtek digital audio chipset! Even the Halo shaped wired volume control is remarkeable. It has a bright neon blue halo around the large brushed aluminum volume knob, that illuminates when on. The volume contol is very sturdy and has some serious weight to it. Plus it has a large rubber pad on the bottom to keep it from sliding around on your desk! It also has headphone and MP3 player input jacks on it. The satellites have removeable speaker grilles, that look cool either on or off! The subwoofer is very heavy and sturdy, with all the connections built into the back of it. It has a regular type plug, not a power pack (transformer)! The satellites connect to the system using regular speaker wires (+/- 2 wire type) you would find on high-end home theater speakers! The wires are also tinned, so they won't fray! The satellites and subwoofer even have large rubber pads on the bottoms to keep them in place and from getting scuffed! Edifier has truely paid attention to every single last detail with the S330D speakers. The sound is very clear, rich and true! The subwoofer has great kick, but is not overpowering, even at it's highest setting! The subwoofer is very sharp and not muddy or too muffled, like on most computer speakers! So competitors be warned, the Canandian company, Edifier International is serious about both sound and build quality! With fantastic great looks to boot! You simply must buy these speakers, they're unbeatable in every way! By next year Edifier multimedia speakers are going to be the hottest thing around, once the word gets out! I'm sure the retailers will then jack up the prices, as demand rises. So buy them now, and help spread the word about Edifier, a truely amazing company. With truely amazing products!	Designed for the home PC gaming and music fan, the all new system provides awesome performance. All enclosures are made from high quality MDF wood, with the satellites being finished in high gloss piano black. The 6.5" subwoofer is fitted with a dual voicecoil reflex loaded woofer, and a high power amplifier that delivers superb bass definition. Headphone output and auxiliary(AUX) input on wired remote control. BrandXYZ?s newly developed high performance tweeter with machined phase plug is fitte...
20741	Amazing Product	Setting up these speakers is as simple as pie because the compact size of the subwoofer and the rectangular size of the speakers. But when I heard them for the first time, it was like making love all over again! These speakers are amazing! The design is elegant, yet sexy, and the sound is clear and loud. The bass is so crisp and clear, that it shames the Z-2300. I used to own the logitech Z-2300 (for games-blown), still own the Z-5500 (living room ) , and the Harman soundsticks (computer) for movies and music. So I can only compare the Edifier to those 3 setups. The power and quality of this system is like a mix between the soundsticks and the z2300. IT has clear sound and a good boom. Plus for the price, WOW! I wish I would have had these speakers 3 years ago when I bought the Z5500!They aren't as powerful as the z5500, but for the price, well worth every penny. And to say that these speakers sound good would be an understatement. They sound orgasmic! FYI, the speakers are connected through an optical connection to my PS3.Don't bother buying another optical cable because Edifier provides one for you. I made the mistake of buying one that did not fit, but returning it would have been a net lost so I just keep it as a spare. So... Buy these before Edifier realizes they can sell them for MUCH more!	Designed for the home PC gaming and music fan, the all new system provides awesome performance. All enclosures are made from high quality MDF wood, with the satellites being finished in high gloss piano black. The 6.5" subwoofer is fitted with a dual voicecoil reflex loaded woofer, and a high power amplifier that delivers superb bass definition. Headphone output and auxiliary(AUX) input on wired remote control. BrandXYZ?s newly developed high performance tweeter with machined phase plug is fitte...
20742	Great Hard Drive For The Money	I recently built a new Windows 7 Core i7 system with some new parts and some old ones from my prior system. Since my last computer had hard drives with a couples years under their belt, I opted for two new 500GB 7200RPM Western Digital SATA Green drives. The investment in my data's security was well worth the outlay. I couldn't be happier. They are silent in my CPU's case (seriously, I can't even feel them if I rest my toes against the case during read/write operations) and speedier than any hard drive I've owned before. The plan is to keep these until the price point of solid state disk drives falls to around traditional hard drive prices. I figure that time will be around when the world ends in 2012... if you believe in that nonsense. ;p	Amazon.com Product Description .caption { text-align: top; font-family: verdana, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: normal; line-height: 14px; } p { font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 13px;} ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; list-style-position: inside; padding: 5px; margin-left: 20px; text-indent: -18px;} table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; width: 250; border-top: 0px solid; border-bottom: 0px s...
3699	Good Looking But Poor Design	This product is really disappointing in the function department. While the gold case is lovely and adds just the right amount of wow factor to my IPOD the designers forgot one MAJOR thing - there isn't anything covering the screen of the IPOD. The casing leaves the click-wheel and the screen unprotected from scratches. I can't really understand how they left that part out - and it is my fault for assuming that the companies sales pitch -- "Don't be fooled into thinking that the Gilty Couture line is all just for show" -- actually meant that this product would be as protective as the $20 cases for sale everywhere. I won't deny that the case looks great - I just wish my screen was protected.	Wrap your iPod Classic in a BrandXYZ jewelry case to make an incredible impression. 14-karat gold or silver plate with an optional bezel style setting featuring 80 hand set Swarovski crystals.
20744	A great, stylish portable drive	I've been through a few external drives - WD Pocket drives, WD raid drives, HP Portable media drives, but the Seagate Freeagent GO is definitely my favorite. It's a very thing and stylish drive which is very reliable (and fast!), with a capacity big enough to hold all of your documents. Compared to my WD Raid and HP Portable media drives, this one is by far the fastest (copying data through the same connector at almost twice the speed). It's also very stylish and easy to take with you wherever you go. I originally purchased the normal Freeagent GO drive but after filling it, looked into the Freeagent GO Special Edition for my next drive. The drive and connectors are all the same - the difference is a chrome trim along the sides, and a glossy black dock. The trim wasn't important to me (although was nice to help differentiate it from my plain black Freeagent GO), but the Dock was very nice. The dock is only available (outside of this package) in a matte white/grey color, not really blending with any of the drives outside of the Silver color. The glossy black dock matches the style of the drive and really gives an overall great appearance. The dock uses 2 USB ports (although only one is necessary - the 2 USB ports are for older computers which can't power and transfer data with 1 cable). You can also choose to connect the USB cable directly to the drive, bypassing the dock. One big difference (to me) was the lack of a case for the drive - if you buy the Dock separately in stores, you get a free faux-leather case to hold the drive. This was actually the selling point for me when buying the drive in the first place. The Special Edition only includes the drive, USB cable and the dock (no case). Keep this in mind if you decide to go for this version! The drive has not given me any issues so far - something I cannot say about my WD raid drive - it's quiet and does just what it's supposed to. Which version would I recommend? Normal or Special edition? For looks? Special Edition - the black dock makes a big difference. If you don't care about looks, or don't plan to use the dock, go for the regular one. It's cheaper, looks just fine and if you do decide to get a dock later on, you'll still be paying less than what the Special Edition costs, and you'll get a case out of it.	With its sleek aluminum finish, exclusive chrome trim, piano black desktop dock and large capacity, the FreeAgent Go Special Edition portable storage solution makes it easy to take your photos, music, videos and documents everywhere ? in style. Included, easy-to-use software helps keep your information safe with automatic data backup and encryption of your important files and folders. Plus, you can sync content so you?ll always have your most current versions while on the go. In addition, the Fr...
20745	Perfect Value Point	Currently this is one of the cheapest LED LCD tvs on the market. Why is it so cheap? Sharp skipped out on a few features that that add a lot to the price without adding a lot to the quality. 1) No sub-dimming. Many LED tvs support dimming some of the LEDs to get blacker blacks. While this sounds great in theory, the problem is currently the resolution of the LED array is much lower than of the LCD array. This means that the dimming can't perfectly match the image so you'll sometimes see edges glowing. I'm happier without this feature as the lighting is consistent. 2) Not 240hz. The input is 60hz (at best) which can then be extrapolated into 120hz (which this tv does). Going up to 240hz makes it more likely that the interpolations will guess wrong and offers little benefit in terms of noticeable difference. 3) Not super thin. Some LED tvs are ridiculously thin. While uber-thin tvs look nice hanging on a wall, it adds a lot to the price tag. It also means less space for inputs. This TV has a great form-factor and looks amazing. I doubt you'll ever notice how thin your TV is after buying it. On the other hand, Sharp didn't skimp on the LED panel, using full-array backlighting. This gives more consistent brightness than perimeter LEDs. My one small complaint is that it takes a bit longer to switch inputs and turn on than I'd like. Overall, I highly recommend this tv. The picture quality is superb. When I went to a retail store to compare it to non-LED tvs I could see a world of difference. The contrast is amazing with deep blacks and the colour is very vivid. It even works great as a 1920x1080 monitor for my mac mini using a DVI to HDMI adapter. * Update: I'm not sure how I never realized it before, but it actually takes about 10 seconds to turn on the TV from fully off. I don't mind too much, but if you will this is not the TV for you.	With the introduction of the LC46LE700UN, BrandXYZ combines its legendary AQUOS LCD panel technology with a newly developed, proprietary Full Array LED backlight system to create picture quality that is second to none. The LC46LE700UN illustrates BrandXYZ's LCD technology leadership while also demonstrating its LED engineering advantages. BrandXYZ's Ultra Brilliant LED system illuminates the TV to extremely high brightness and contrast levels and enables significant environmental benefits such a...
3909	Good for me, but maybe not you	I bought the DR-1 to record from my Alesis Multimix 8 FW as a backup the the firewire recordings. In that capacity it has been perfect. Sound recorded through the line in mini jack is 100% clean. Transferring the files is easy. Good rechargeable battery. Now for the bad stuff. When I opened the box, the first thing I noticed was the cheap, lightweight feel. The buttons feel cheap, the wheel that you use to navigate menus feels cheap, everything feels cheap. Also, it doesn't come with an AC adapter, you have to buy it separately. Navigating the menus is difficult, it took me a long time to figure out, after changing something in the settings, how to get back to the previous screen without completely leaving the settings section (fyi, you press the rewind button...?) Lastly, I was not impressed with the mics. You could never use this thing hand held, there is way too much handling noise. I thought the voice recordings were tiny. Other people with more experience than me have been impressed by the quality of the mics, so take my remarks with a grain of salt (it's not what I bought it for anyway, I just thought it would give it a try). If you do want to use the mics, I recomend the accessory kit or you will have plosive problems and handling noise.	The BrandXYZ DR-1 puts world-dominating power into your pocket. Its built-in stereo microphones include a unique variable angle mechanism, so you can set it to record from any angle. The DR-1 is the first portable recorder to include a 1GB card, so yo...
3910	Excellent mini recorder	I researched the DR1 & compared it with the Zoom & Roland models, including the rating reviews & asking fellow musicians that are familiar with all of them. This model is top notch & very easy to operate, yielding high results right out of the box. It is also very durable & has all the features one would want, to record & download, making for easy CD burning of all your music. I love it!!	The BrandXYZ DR-1 puts world-dominating power into your pocket. Its built-in stereo microphones include a unique variable angle mechanism, so you can set it to record from any angle. The DR-1 is the first portable recorder to include a 1GB card, so yo...
20746	AMAZING !!!!!......	.... is the best word to describe this TV. After months of research, questions, comparing, and price shopping, I truly feel like I got the best bang for my buck with this TV. The picture is amazingly crisp and bright, the colors pop off the screen, and the blacks are very good for an LCD-LED. One of the main questions I had was the 120Hz vs. the 240Hz, and if that really made a big difference. After talking with countless reps and reading/watching reviews online it was pretty clear that even these "experts" were having a hard time noticing any major difference. If they did see a difference, it was minimal at best. To each their own though. Each of our brains process images differently, so some people might notice a difference. I could not see any major difference, so it was not worth paying the $400 more for the 240Hz. For me, it came down to this TV vs. the Samsung UN46B7000. Here is why I decided to go with the Sharp...... * Comparing them side by side the picture/colors were better on the Sharp. Period. * With the full backlit LEDs vs. the edge lighting on the Samsung, the Sharp's screen was brighter. * Sure the Samsung is much slimmer coming in at just under an inch and a half, but you don't buy a TV to look at it from the side. I have mine mounted on the wall, and it only sticks out 4 inches. Really what you have to decide is what you prefer.... asthetics of the TV vs. picture quality. * Read every review on the Samsung and the most common complaint about them is the sound. Because it's so thin, the speakers are crap, and the sound is horrible. If you are seriously looking at a Samsung, go into the store and have the rep turn off the surround sound and turn up the TV's speakers. You'll understand what I'm talking about. * And the #1 reason??........it's cheaper. After all, it's all about the Benjamins. I would highly recommend this TV to anyone who is looking to make the jump to an LCD-LED. Not only do you get amazing picture quality, but it's cheaper than most LCD-LED sets out there. 5 stars.	With the introduction of the LC46LE700UN, BrandXYZ combines its legendary AQUOS LCD panel technology with a newly developed, proprietary Full Array LED backlight system to create picture quality that is second to none. The LC46LE700UN illustrates BrandXYZ's LCD technology leadership while also demonstrating its LED engineering advantages. BrandXYZ's Ultra Brilliant LED system illuminates the TV to extremely high brightness and contrast levels and enables significant environmental benefits such a...
20747	Awesome display with a great price	I've had this tv for a week now,and i cant say a bad thing about it.This is my third Sharp tv and i love this one.I had interest in the LG lh90 at the time of purchase.I compared this tv to the lg lh90,aswell as Samsungs led tv 6000 and 7000 and Panasonic plasmes.This tv held its own.Those tvs in my opinion had nothing better then Sharps led 700un,other then thiness in depth.Picture Quality,they had nothing superior then the Sharp.Save your money and get the Sharp...you'll be glad you did,and so will your electric bill.	With the introduction of the LC46LE700UN, BrandXYZ combines its legendary AQUOS LCD panel technology with a newly developed, proprietary Full Array LED backlight system to create picture quality that is second to none. The LC46LE700UN illustrates BrandXYZ's LCD technology leadership while also demonstrating its LED engineering advantages. BrandXYZ's Ultra Brilliant LED system illuminates the TV to extremely high brightness and contrast levels and enables significant environmental benefits such a...
20748	Love it.	Got this baby two days ago, and wow, its amazing. First I'll start off with CONS: Aquos NET is stupid, worthless, and sharp should change it. The sound is next to worthless. Ok, thats out of the way, picture quality is great. Find me for this price a 46" 120hz quality tv. Add in LED and you've got yourself an amazing deal. The standard definition dvds look amazing on this. Localized dimming is far from perfected, so not a big deal it doesnt have it, but I was comparing this to the superthing samsung edgelit, and this was a more even picture IMO.	With the introduction of the LC46LE700UN, BrandXYZ combines its legendary AQUOS LCD panel technology with a newly developed, proprietary Full Array LED backlight system to create picture quality that is second to none. The LC46LE700UN illustrates BrandXYZ's LCD technology leadership while also demonstrating its LED engineering advantages. BrandXYZ's Ultra Brilliant LED system illuminates the TV to extremely high brightness and contrast levels and enables significant environmental benefits such a...
20876	A good monitor in a pretty package!	I've connected using both HDMI and DVI, and found the experience to be very pleasant. The remote is convenient and the built-in TV Tuner was one of the primary features I was interested in. With this feature set (HDMI, 1080/1920x1200 resolution, TV tuner, etc) I feel this is the best option out there today. If you don't need/want a TV tuner, then there are many other excellent contenders such as the glorious high end Dell LCD monitors. Also, I've had a bit of trouble configuring the color on the monitor.	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2570HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch blu-ray movies. With sharp, full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful TOC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since we cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This BrandXYZ monit...
20877	Bad Ass	This monitor is pretty awesome. I haven't had any issues and the display is spectacular. Definitely worth it.	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2570HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch blu-ray movies. With sharp, full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful TOC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since we cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This BrandXYZ monit...
20749	Excellent LCDTV for the money	When I was looking for a 46 inch LCD-TV, I had narrowed my choices to Sony Bravia and Samsung LED models. I felt that they had the best picture when comparing them in the stores. I saw an ad in the local newspaper for an LED backlight Sharp that had the LED throughout the back instead of the outside frame like the Samsung. When I compared the pictures at the store, the Sharp seemed to have just as good a picture as the Samsung and Sony which were similarly priced at the local store. However, I checked Amazon and found the Sharp for $600 less than list and $400 less than the local store. It was a deal that I couldn't pass up. I was somewhat concerned with the low price but I have had the HDTV for a few weeks and am very satisfied. I had read all of the reviews that I could find prior to buying but the model was fairly new and not many reviews had been written. When watching the HDTV at home, there are no other sets there to compare picture quality. But the picture is sharp, clear, and colors vivid. I am using an antenna and do not have cable or satellite. Some of the negatives that others have commented on are slow channel changing, slow turn-on (however it's in power saver mode), etc. But these are minor to me compared to the picture quality for the price. When I watch a movie on DVD or over the air, I use a surround sound system, so the average sound quality provided by the TV is not an issue and adequate for most programming.	With the introduction of the LC46LE700UN, BrandXYZ combines its legendary AQUOS LCD panel technology with a newly developed, proprietary Full Array LED backlight system to create picture quality that is second to none. The LC46LE700UN illustrates BrandXYZ's LCD technology leadership while also demonstrating its LED engineering advantages. BrandXYZ's Ultra Brilliant LED system illuminates the TV to extremely high brightness and contrast levels and enables significant environmental benefits such a...
20750	Extreamelly Recomanded "LED TV" (Five Stars)	This TV is unbelievable - it has the best picture quality I have ever seen. Don't be fooled by the fetchers that Samsung and LG have. I compared this TV side by side with Samsung UN46B8000 and I liked the Sharp way more than the Samsung. My advice is to compare this TV with any other TV you intend to buy and see the difference your self. I strongly recommend this TV and if you don't like it I will buy it from you!! GOOD LUCK!	With the introduction of the LC46LE700UN, BrandXYZ combines its legendary AQUOS LCD panel technology with a newly developed, proprietary Full Array LED backlight system to create picture quality that is second to none. The LC46LE700UN illustrates BrandXYZ's LCD technology leadership while also demonstrating its LED engineering advantages. BrandXYZ's Ultra Brilliant LED system illuminates the TV to extremely high brightness and contrast levels and enables significant environmental benefits such a...
20751	Constant Hum or buzz	THE GOOD: Great picture quality, high contrast ratio with deep blacks (when directly in front of it), Looks Great, uses 40 to 50 percent less energy than a LCD (eco-friendly), 100,000 hours of life. THE BAD: Does not swivel. My biggest issue is there is a constant hum or buzz, (kind of a high pitch whine) whenever the TV is on, it's not that loud but its there! A constant back ground noise like when your refrigerator goes on or the hum of fluorescent light bulbs or power lines. You can definitely hear it between changing channels and during quite scenes. The great deep dark colors start to wash out as you move away from sitting directly in front of it. At about 30? off center the picture is still sharp but the overall color is noticeably less. THE UGLY: Called Sharp service, they say its normal to have this buzz or whine and its due to the technology thats in there.. so that's how its supposed to be. It's not that bad, BUT if you're the type that, is going to always know that the buzz is there... it might bug you. remember it has 100,000 hours of life so you're gonna have to live with that whine for a long time.	With the introduction of the LC46LE700UN, BrandXYZ combines its legendary AQUOS LCD panel technology with a newly developed, proprietary Full Array LED backlight system to create picture quality that is second to none. The LC46LE700UN illustrates BrandXYZ's LCD technology leadership while also demonstrating its LED engineering advantages. BrandXYZ's Ultra Brilliant LED system illuminates the TV to extremely high brightness and contrast levels and enables significant environmental benefits such a...
20754	Good Bright LED	Pros + Great price for a LED + Ultimate contrast/brightness + Good design + Rich color Cons - Image processing is below average - The edges in the images are not smooth enough (Anti aliasing is poor) - The SD noise reduction processing is below average Please wait till CNET reviews this, before buying this TV. [...] [...] IMO, If you are too picky about these attributes, it is better to go for [...] or [...]. Since I am not satisfied with the image processing I decided to go for Sony Bravia W5100.	With the introduction of the LC46LE700UN, BrandXYZ combines its legendary AQUOS LCD panel technology with a newly developed, proprietary Full Array LED backlight system to create picture quality that is second to none. The LC46LE700UN illustrates BrandXYZ's LCD technology leadership while also demonstrating its LED engineering advantages. BrandXYZ's Ultra Brilliant LED system illuminates the TV to extremely high brightness and contrast levels and enables significant environmental benefits such a...
20764	EOR 7550 Teething Pains	I purchased six EOR7550 for a small WDS mesh pilot where only one unit has physical Internet backhaul. The two radio configuration would seem ideal for WISP applications. So far I have noticed a couple of software peculiarities, but I can't be too critical right now since this is Version 1 software. Even when units are in close proximity (500') with absolute LOS, WDS performance at 5GHz is pretty average using 10db omni antenna and 802.11a protocol. If even one device is placed in a more difficult environment the whole network degrades badly. Tried panel antenna and sector antenna, but not much joy at 5GHz. I don't have any means to test power, but sure does not seem to perform as well as other Engenius access points running WDS. The web interface will lock up constantly, even though the units seem to continue operating. No option but to cold reboot. WDS also seems buggy when operating with encryption albeit only encryption that works with WDS is WEP. No feature to monitor/survey power of the various WDS links once the system is operational other than to do a site survey. One of my six units had to be returned as Radio 1 was DOA. I am hoping Engenius provides software v2 very soon.	EOR7550 equips with two powerful independent RF interfaces which support 802.11a/b/g and 802.11b/g/n. With certified IP-65 protection, it is designed to deliver high reliability under harsh outdoor environment.Built-in advanced multi-functions provide flexibility in constructing scalable Wi-Fi networks for all possible applications. With two individual interfaces, each can be configured into 6 different modes with maximum of 18 combinations. With 802.11n support, EOR7550 offers bandwidth up to 3...
20770	A Piece of Garbage	I purchased the entire product line of Cisco Linksys Audio products. Purchased 2 Directors (DMC250), 1 Conductor (DMC350), 2 Players (DMP100), and 1 Wireless Remote. The ONLY reason I bought the Cisco system (as opposed to the many others out there), was because I trusted the brand and name, "Cisco." I am so disgusted by this system. a couple of grand down the drain. It borders on unusable. Very unstable, constant error messages, will not play from my iPods the majority of the time (even when it does, it will disconnect randomly), Rhapsody is totally unreliable, USB device connection makes the Conductor and Director freeze up. I have spent several hours on the phone with Linksys Tech Support... a joke in itself. I cannot believe that Cisco would put their name on such low quality garbage!! DO NOT BUY this, or any other piece in the product line. When I purchased, there were virtually no reviews available. Now, go ahead and research before you buy. You'll find that I am being kind.	The Conductor is a portable digital music player that accesses your stored music or millions of songs from Rhapsody1 and thousands of radio stations from the Internet from RadioTime. Move the Conductor from room to room. Plug it in on the patio or in the dining room when entertaining. It's an all-in-one device with built-in speakers, amplifier, and subwoofer, even a built-in CD player.
20771	Not as good as you would like	This is a disappointing product made much worse by the attitude of the off shore people who handle the customer (NO) service support. The DMC 350 is a novel collection of functions and on the surface a great buy however it's let down not just by the lack of customer service because you may not need their help but by being combination Internet radio, CD player and i-Pod amplifier. It doesn't sound very good which is the first disappointment, a B&W Zeppelin kills it but that's a big beast for a desk. The i-Pod is only an analog connection not digital, the Internet radio has lost its mind since a software update and the CD doesn't rip to the i-Pod. I really wish I'd found out about the radio problem inside my 30 days then this unit could be on its way back to Linksys and recycling at Heartland. I really wanted this unit to work but I cannot recommended it based on my experience.	The Conductor is a portable digital music player that accesses your stored music or millions of songs from Rhapsody1 and thousands of radio stations from the Internet from RadioTime. Move the Conductor from room to room. Plug it in on the patio or in the dining room when entertaining. It's an all-in-one device with built-in speakers, amplifier, and subwoofer, even a built-in CD player.
20772	I really wanted to love this case...	I just purchased the Piel Frama (red) leather case for my Palm Pre. This case had the potential too be the best Pre case out there, for the exception of one major thing, it doesn't secure the Pre that well. I almost lost my Pre three (3) times already (I had the case for only two (2) days). I clipped the Case on my waist band and went about my business and three (3) times it fell or slipped out of the case on to the ground. I don't understand what's causing this; I'm not sure if the Magnetic closure is causing the problem or if the weight of the Pre against the flip lid causes it to jump out or if the back of the case which really houses (seated) the Pre doesn't have a tight enough grip on the unit. Maybe I got a lemon, have any other customers experience this problem? I really wanted to love this case, it showcases the Palm Pre so beautifully.	Handcrafted in Spain by leather artisans, BrandXYZ phone cases are renowned worldwide for their exquisite quality and workmanship. BrandXYZ uses only the finest locally-sourced materials, eco-friendly manufacturing techniques and careful attention to detail. The result is a soft, supple leather product that is extremely durable, ergonomic and that has a minimal impact on the environment.The contemporary European styling is both sophisticated and highly functional, offering excellent protection f...
20779	Snapshots made easy!	I became interested in Eye-Fi after finding someone I followed on Twitter used their cards. An interesting idea, I thought. When I bought my Canon XSi, I ordered one of these cards to go with it. Set up is easy. The software installs off the card, or you can download it from the website. Once the software is installed, you can create an account on the Eye-Fi website to configure the card, where the photos will be sent, what networks to join, etc. Take the time to set up every network you're on semi regularly, as you can only do this while the card is connected to the computer. Many of the other settings you can do from the website, without the card. Once configured, pictures start flying over the wireless network shortly after you take them. They can download to a folder of your hard drive, or to iPhoto, which works quite well. You can have separate destinations for JPEG and RAW files (I have my RAW files saved on a different partition than the JPEG files). You can also configure different photo sharing websites to upload to, including Flickr, Gallery 2, and many others. The card has worked very well for me, and I love not having to use a USB cable to share a picture I just took. I'd recommend this card to anyone, however there are a few "gotchas" that I wish I knew about before hand: - You can only share to one photo site at a time. With the current software, you can have multiple sites configured, but only one of them can be active at a time. Not a huge problem for me, but might be for some. There may be work-arounds that you can try. - RAW and JPEG downloads can be in different locations, but not different computers. This wasn't a deal breaker for me, either, but it did hamper how I wanted things set up. I wanted my RAW files downloaded to a computer away from home for archival purposes. I've been able to work around this with some AppleScript, though. All things considered, I love this card. It's not the fastest thing in the world, but it keeps up with the snapshots in my life as they happen. Things start appearing on Flickr minutes after they happen, and when I start up iPhoto, images start downloading and importing. If you're tired of the hassle needed to share pictures from your digital camera, get one of these! You won't regret it!	4GB BrandXYZ Pro wireless SDHC memory card. Get it all and streamline your workflow. Wirelessly upload JPEG, RAW and video directly to your laptop no router required. Select which items to upload in camera, and post them on any of over 25 online sites. Geotagging and hotspot access included.
20780	early Eye-Fi adopter	My wife was very skeptical of Eye-Fi at first -- why not just plug in the cable to transfer the pictures to the computer? But since having one of their first cards, she can't live without it. (And, in fact, hasn't even bothered installing the camera software on her new computer -- there's no point with Eye-Fi.) It's not just the lack of the cable, but the time and effort saved in transferring the photos and getting them where you want, whether it's on your PC or on your favorite photo site. And the Eye-Fi Pro adds a bunch of new features that really appeal to me, like the ad hoc connection capability which can get your photos out of the camera even when you're remote, as long as your computer is there.	4GB BrandXYZ Pro wireless SDHC memory card. Get it all and streamline your workflow. Wirelessly upload JPEG, RAW and video directly to your laptop no router required. Select which items to upload in camera, and post them on any of over 25 online sites. Geotagging and hotspot access included.
20781	Great idea, software needs work	I knew about Eye-Fi since its appearance in 2005 but waited for RAW-file support. The idea is great - you set up your card once and forever forget about both storage and transfer problems. The software needs some work though. But it's getting done from the look of it. There are 4 types of cards which essentially vary only in size. The rest is marketing and software options. Idea of selling the same stuff to different people for different amounts of money isn't new (hello, Microsoft). The more you pay, the more options you get: local storage, web storage, video, RAW-file support. It even looks like you can buy extra "services" for cheaper cards (didn't test this though). The wi-fi part is rock-solid. It works via my private access point, via ad-hoc (with my notebook), via open access-points (SSL to own server, nothing to worry about here). The RAW-file support is okay, but is currently limited to local computer storage, even though SmugMug supports RAW-file upload. I had problems with unsupported browser (Google Chrome v3beta) - but I was warned. The local computer upload was unreliable, the PC-software crashed frequently. It was all fixed when I started the Eye-Fi Manager inside MSIE. However if your default browser is not supported you have to manually start Eye-Fi Manager in the supported one - no way to choose the browser in the Eye-Fi Manager. The browser isn't needed for proper operation - it's for configuration and status display. Nikon D90 (and up, I assume) has a menu switch for Eye-Fi. The card is unexpectedly slow. Test on a PC shows 2MiB/sec but inside my camera (D70s) it's more like 1MiB/sec. Also, for paranoid types - the Eye-Fi Manager keeps two ports (one TCP, one UDP) open at all times. UPDATE: Eye-Fi provides extremely helpful support. All my problems were addressed and fixed in interim releases of the Eye-Fi Manager software. I'm very happy with it.	4GB BrandXYZ Pro wireless SDHC memory card. Get it all and streamline your workflow. Wirelessly upload JPEG, RAW and video directly to your laptop no router required. Select which items to upload in camera, and post them on any of over 25 online sites. Geotagging and hotspot access included.
20782	Eye-Fi is the way to go for easy digital photography	I've been using a beta version of this card for the last few weeks and it's really impressive! With the Eye-Fi card and my Nikon D90, I have been able to wirelessly transfer both RAW images and video directly to my MacBook Pro. This is actually the third Eye-Fi card I've used...I lost the first one and found it just too hard to return to the routine of removing the card from the camera, finding my SD reader, plugging it in and (most importantly) remembering to put the card back in the camera. Side note: Eye-Fi's customer service is great, they were able to refund/transfer a Geotagging subscription I purchased for the lost card so I could apply it toward the new card. I believe the Pro model has unlimited geotagging, which works well. I think the geotagging is based off Wi-Fi triangulation. It even found my location in the parks at Walt Disney World! The speedy upload of the large RAW files (usually around 7-9 MB) is great. You can even setup the card for an ad hoc connection, so wireless uploads go directly to your computer. You'll love the Eye-Fi card because it is easier to get around to adjusting and uploading images to Flickr when they are automatically waiting for you at the computer. Finally, the selective upload feature is helpful because it lets you select which images you want to upload so you don't waste disk space with bad photos. If you are going buy only one SD card, this is the one you want!	4GB BrandXYZ Pro wireless SDHC memory card. Get it all and streamline your workflow. Wirelessly upload JPEG, RAW and video directly to your laptop no router required. Select which items to upload in camera, and post them on any of over 25 online sites. Geotagging and hotspot access included.
20816	This is a remarkable computer for the home user...	I have had this computer for a week now and absolutely love it. The Magic Mouse took a little time to adjust to, but now it is a favorite. The iMac screen is large (I upgraded from the 17" early 2006 intel iMac), but not so big as to be distracting. Apple, of course, made the experience of setting it up and getting online a breeze, even to the point of having the batteries already installed in the keyboard and mouse, and having the two linked to the computer. The pros include the beauty of the LED screen, the speed of the processor, the fact that it shipped with 4GB of ram, well...that it is every bit the consumer friendly machine I have come to expect from Apple. The upgraded graphics card really is noticeable. It is like a vase of flowers...I love to look at it even when it is off. The SD card slot is most handy. It is every bit as quiet as my previous computer. The cons include the fact that my 3.5 year old iMac had a matte screen, and the glass front of this 21.5 " iMac does pick up reflections easily. But since I tend to keep my place dark and being a morning person don't have a lot of sunshine to contend with...for me it is actually a better screen than my old iMac's matte screen. It shipped with Apple's shortened keyboard (no number pad) and that took a bit of acclimation. Technology advances so my old firewire devices now need an adapter to work, firewire 400 to 800, but that is a tiny problem. Wish Apple would build in a fold down port for iPods to recharge. And all that glass on the front makes it a little heavy to haul around. All in all, I love this computer and can heartily recommend it, and that comes from a relatively low income person who watches his money closely. Hugh	Updated with a brilliant 21.5-inch LED-backlit widescreen display in a new edge-to-edge glass design and seamless all aluminum enclosure, the new BrandXYZ iMac is ideal for watching high definition movies and TV shows from iTunes, or editing and watching your own videos or photos using iLife. The iMac now also comes standard with a wireless keyboard and the new Magic Mouse, which features BrandXYZ's Multi-Touch technology. And it's faster than ever with a 3.06 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The...
20817	First Mac - Now I know why Mac users are so loyal	I have been buying PCs for over 15 years and this is my first Mac. I had been considering a Mac over more recent years and decided to take the plunge after hearing other rave reviews of existing users and seeing how superior an IPOD is over a standard MP3 player. I can say that I was not disappointed. First, there's no learning curve at all, and you can easily make the transition from PC to Mac. I could not say the same about going from windows XP to Vista, which was incredibly frustrating and I consider myself somewhat tech savvy. The operating system is intuitive and very simple to use. I did not really have to search for much of anything or how to do anything. It's that straight forward. The most obvious thing that you see immediately is it's simplicity. A monitor with all the typical tower stuff integrated (as well as the speakers), a wireless keyboard and mouse. You literally have one wire running from the monitor to the wall if you have wireless networking. That in itself is a reason to consider as not many PCs offer that option. You also don't have a million external buttons to press to operate this device, everything is selected from the desktop, including the volume. I was quite impressed with the sound quality. It rocks. The display is crystal clear and you don't get any shake. The OS is lightning fast and browsing the web is faster than anything I ever experienced with a PC. Performing backups is as simple as attaching your backup drive with the Time Warp feature. While the price is considerable higher than a PC, the ease of use along with the security features make it a great purchase I wasn't completely sure about this purchase beforehand, but glad I took a leap of faith based on the feedback that I got from the loyal Mac owners I know. I will probably never go back and I am pretty confident that my husband will be getting a Mac notebook next time around..... If you are considering making the change, I highly recommend it.	Updated with a brilliant 21.5-inch LED-backlit widescreen display in a new edge-to-edge glass design and seamless all aluminum enclosure, the new BrandXYZ iMac is ideal for watching high definition movies and TV shows from iTunes, or editing and watching your own videos or photos using iLife. The iMac now also comes standard with a wireless keyboard and the new Magic Mouse, which features BrandXYZ's Multi-Touch technology. And it's faster than ever with a 3.06 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The...
10061	Overall Excellent Full Sized Photo Backpack/Sling	I needed a backpack bag that would hold my Nikon D300 with the Nikkor 70-200 f2.8 VR zoom attached. My vetted choices came down to either the Lowepro Slingshot 300 or the new Kata 3N1-30. Both are very large bags, and while there were others worthy of consideration, these two were at the top of my budget range. The Lowepro is a nice bag (my brother owns one and loves it), however, I gave the nod to the Kata for a couple of reasons. I like the yellow interior - very easy to find small parts even in low light. I like the flexibility of converting it from a sling to backpack. Finally, I personally like the styling better than the Lowepro (which is functional but homely). The Kata, in my opinion, doesn't scream "camera bag" quite as much as the Lowepro. The Kata is generally well designed and exceptional quality. The interior dividers are configurable to the user's specific needs, access is flexible providing for easy swing around "quick draw" as well as through the traditional rear flap. Initial configuration was a little cumbersome due to the restricted ability to fully open the rear flap. This limits easy access to the uppermost compartments, but once I figured out how to fit everything inside it was fine. There is ample room in this bag for a large SLR with lenses and attachments. My D300 with both MB-D10 and the 70-200 attached fit snugly in the horizontal position. However, finding an additional spot for my 17-55 f2.8 was a little more challenging. (Note these are both relatively large lenses with even larger hoods). I still have room for my flash and another small lens or accessory, but that's about it for the main compartment in my case. There is an additional compartment in the top for other stuff (flash cards, batteries, charger, lunch, etc). The extra straps for converting to a full backpack tuck neatly out of sight. The pack is very comfortable to carry, even with a heavy load. Pros: Overall design is good (with exceptions noted below) and the quality of construction is excellent . Very manageable and comfortable to use. Very spacious and flexible for varying needs. Cons: I would really like for it to have some means of attaching a tripod or monopod (something the Lowepro omits as well). For a pack of this size, that seems to me to be a reasonable expectation. Also note there is no compartment for a laptop - not important to me, but perhaps for others. My biggest gripe is the inability to just lay the thing out fully open on its back (note the product photo - that's as far as that rear flap opens). It makes configuring the compartment dividers very awkward. Acknowledging those limitations and the fact that no camera bag is perfect, the 3N1-30 or one of the two smaller versions should impress you. You'll be hard pressed to find a better pack in this price range. Bottom line: I'm happy with my decision to purchase this pack over the Lowepro and highly recommend it. I'm only giving it 4 stars for the omission of a tripod/monopod attachment and the awkward main compartment access. Despite those caveats, this is an excellent, albeit not perfect, large camera backpack. I may end up getting something smaller for occasions where I won't be using the large zoom - perhaps the 3N1-10, W-94, or one of the DR series packs. Definitely Kata, though.	Why choose between a backpack and a sling when you simply can pick up one of the new BrandXYZ 3N1 bags and get the best features of each type of bag? These unique bags provide ultimate freedom designed with three carrying options in one bag: right-handed sling, left-handed sling and backpack. Quick access to a camera has never been faster with a sling that offers a quick release and one-handed bag opening for camera access. Left-handed photographers can celebrate as they discover the first photo...
15526	Almost perfect	I wanted a new phone to replace our kitchen wall phone. After reading about the Panasonic and its features, I settled on that. The description stated that there was a wall mount attachment. However, the attachment and phone are such that it doesn't hang like a typical wall phone, but juts out with the base sticking out too far. Also, since my wall phone hangs under a cabinet, there was not enough room to mount it. I debated sending it back but decided to keep it and set it on the counter. The features such as announcing the caller's name and being able to do call blocks, along with its ergonomically designed receiver, large, bright screen, multiple ring tones for different numbers and good sound quality convinced me to keep it. I have been very happy with the purchase.	BrandXYZ KX-TG6441T Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Answering Machine
15529	Good phone with excellent features	I purchased this phone to replace an old-fashioned telephone that had essentially no features on it. All of the features on the new Panasonic phone - caller ID, ringer ID, answering system, speaker phone, portability, memory dialing - work fine. It does take a bit of effort to read the manual and to understand and to set up (where necessary) the various features. But, the effort has been rewarded by having a telephone that has essentially all of the features that one could wish for. Having had the phone for a short period of time, I cannot comment on how reliable it will be over several years of use.	BrandXYZ KX-TG6441T Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Answering Machine
15530	being charged all the time the handset is on the base	PROS: My ENT doctor recommended Panasonic, as having best clarity, also the listener at the other end does not complain about "echo" any longer. That's true but, CONS: the volume cannot be raised as much as I would like it. The manual is difficult to understand and tech support was not much help. I had to figure out how to use this phone mostly by myself. I am disappointed having to do most operations from the handset , especially scrolling through addresses. No back lighting on base, nor any indication of number of messages waiting.	BrandXYZ KX-TG6441T Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Answering Machine
15532	very good for the price	Very good telephone. The digital displays have large fonts and are easily readable. Clear and has great features, especially the audio caller identification.	BrandXYZ KX-TG6441T Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Answering Machine
15533	Good phone	It s very good, but some features are not that convenient.. like the Missing calls, you have to follow many steps to reach them... Former models were easier to do.	BrandXYZ KX-TG6441T Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Answering Machine
15534	socondary phone	I bought this phone as a backup to be used if my phone stops working, so I don't have a very accurate review.	BrandXYZ KX-TG6441T Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Answering Machine
10062	A large well built camera bag	Why did I buy the Kata 3N1-30? I've given up on the quest for the perfect camera bag and now realized that I need several camera bags just like I need several lenses. For a short day trip a small camera bag suffices. However, I needed a bag that let me safely carry multiple zoom lenses, a camera body, battery chargers, and a GPS for a 10 day trip. Does the bag hold the equipment safely? On our full flight it fit easily under the seat. There are basically two compartments in the bag. The interior main compartment is 11.6" x 6.3" x 11.8". The manufacturer claims that the bag will hold A D/SLR with battery grip & long-range zoom lens attached as well as, 5-6 lenses, flash + personal gear. Will it? If the 5-6 lenses are prime lenses--definitely. It is a bit harder if the lenses are professional zoom lenses. However, I did manage to get a nice long (400mm f4) zoom and a wide angle in the bag along with a couple of prime lenses. Of course with a bit of creative packing I also got a GPS and a couple of chargers into the main compartment. The equipment is protected by padded dividers--Kata calls this its Modi-Vers System. The system allows you to create compartments that meet your requirements. The divider can be cut with scissors to any desired size. Attach the newly cut divider to another divider or the walls of the bag with a Velcro connector. The top compartment is quite roomy and can hold chargers, memory cards, and even a paper-back book or two for the plane trip. The two side pockets are easy to access and can be used to hold filters, and an extra set of batteries. They do bulge into the top compartment and steal space though. I truly wish Kata had put an easily accessible external pocket big enough for the paperback book, plane tickets, and maps. I hate opening the top compartment everytime since I'm afraid I'll spill all the other items in that compartment. A really neat feature is the removable Media Kit. You can use it to store memory cards or batteries and remove it from the bag (it's attached with Velcro) when you need it. The Kata 3N1-30 does include a rain Cover is included to protect against rainy conditions. The rain cover folds away into an integrated pocket. Without the rain cover the bag is not 100% sealed against moisture. There are a number of points where the zippers do not meet and leave a small hole through which rain could enter. Is the bag easy to carry? The bag weighs 3.3 lbs--fully loaded a lot more. It is made easier to carry by the well padded straps and the option to carry it three ways. It can be carried as a sling bag on either the left or right shoulder or as a backpack to spread the load. Frankly, getting in and out of the plane I used another option, grabbing the bag by it's top handle and walking along the narrow aisles. I just had to be a bit careful about not tripping over the dangling straps. In backpack position and "X" position you can comfortably carry your equipment for long distance walking when needed. The included chest belt and balancing hip strap helps take the load of your heavy equipment off your shoulders.	Why choose between a backpack and a sling when you simply can pick up one of the new BrandXYZ 3N1 bags and get the best features of each type of bag? These unique bags provide ultimate freedom designed with three carrying options in one bag: right-handed sling, left-handed sling and backpack. Quick access to a camera has never been faster with a sling that offers a quick release and one-handed bag opening for camera access. Left-handed photographers can celebrate as they discover the first photo...
10064	the best travel bag out there	For years I've been searching for the right bag that can hold my gear, hold a few other personal items so I don't need a purse, not destroy my back and shoulders and not make me feel like a bull in a china closet. This is the bag. First this bag is wonderfully designed for the traveler. The sling design can go over either shoulder, or it can be a backpack! The extra strap simply tucks away into back of the bag. This is brilliant. The straps are nicely padded, as one would expect with Kata. However, what really sold me was the little side padding for where the strap hits the waist. Not only is this a nice touch, but in sling mode you can also tuck in the padding that you aren't using. Very well done Kata. The basic weight distribution is pretty perfect and the bag slides easily to the front when you are in a tight place and you don't want to knock over that very expensive one of a kind terra cotta warrior that the hawker on the corner is trying to sell you. What really makes this bag is the camera quick open. No longer do I have to take off my backpack, fight with the zipper, have the kids swarm me asking "dollar, chocolate, pen?" all while trying to pick up my camera so I can get a photo of that really cool elephant trampling cars under foot. Oh no, when the elephant goes on parade I can just sling the bag to my side, quickly flip the zipper open (extra large pulls) and whip out the camera just as the elephant raises its trunk in a salute to mayhem. What more can a girl ask for? There isn't a lot of space for more than two medium sized lenses, a camera, flash, passport, wallet, cell phone, map, CF cards, mints, lipstick, a small flashlight, loose change, my pocket guide on how to swear in 37 languages, and a reusable bag (rolled up of course).	Why choose between a backpack and a sling when you simply can pick up one of the new BrandXYZ 3N1 bags and get the best features of each type of bag? These unique bags provide ultimate freedom designed with three carrying options in one bag: right-handed sling, left-handed sling and backpack. Quick access to a camera has never been faster with a sling that offers a quick release and one-handed bag opening for camera access. Left-handed photographers can celebrate as they discover the first photo...
10070	A bag for everything!	Great bag that I can put all my gear in. It can hold a gripped 50D or 5D Mark II mounted to a 70-200 2.8 IS in the quick release pouch then store 4-5 more lenses in the lower compartment. Up top is enough room for a HD camcorder, tapes, dust blower, battery chargers, and whatever else you might need (I carry everything). I love that it's a sling with a quick access pocket. I can swing it around my chest, grab my camera, even switch lenses without a table or any assistance and without putting stuff on the ground. I see a lot of folks at the zoo with standard camera backpacks that mean you'll either miss the shot trying to get the backpack off to get the camera out or you'll be stuck carrying the camera all day because you've already missed too many shots (and learned you need a Kata). The strap system on this bag is really something. The bag hides its second shoulder strap until you need it. With it, you can go backpack style or cross the straps like an X across your chest. I like that because you still have a sling - thanks to the quick release buckles. Another great thing about having two straps is if you're a lefty you can switch the entire bag around and enter from the other side (something you can't do with the Slingshot). And there is the belly strap which provides even more stability and comfort and are also hidden unless needed. Oh, one more thing, there's the trolley system for you photogs that want wheels. The only things I'd change on this bag is the storage for the rain cover and I'd include the tripod cover. The rain cover is small, so it's not a big deal to tuck it somewhere, but it'd be nice if it was hidden in it's own little cubby like everything else is on this bag. The tripod holder was being sold for a ridiculous $50 by one seller, but now can be found for $15 so it's not a big deal anymore. It is a large bag, a few inches larger in each direction than the 3N1-20 so keep that in mind. For me, the 20 won't carry enough stuff. But, for days when I'm only carrying my camera and one lens I'll be picking up a Kata 214 slingbag. Kata's build quality is incredible and their designs are really inovative. Enjoy!	Why choose between a backpack and a sling when you simply can pick up one of the new BrandXYZ 3N1 bags and get the best features of each type of bag? These unique bags provide ultimate freedom designed with three carrying options in one bag: right-handed sling, left-handed sling and backpack. Quick access to a camera has never been faster with a sling that offers a quick release and one-handed bag opening for camera access. Left-handed photographers can celebrate as they discover the first photo...
10072	Kata Sling/Backpack	This is a functional, well-made backpack that swivels from my shoulders to my chest so that I can readily get to my equipment. There is sufficient room for a long telephoto lens plus other lenses. The padding is thick and protective.The bag works well for carrying my large dslr and lenses. I recommend it.	Why choose between a backpack and a sling when you simply can pick up one of the new BrandXYZ 3N1 bags and get the best features of each type of bag? These unique bags provide ultimate freedom designed with three carrying options in one bag: right-handed sling, left-handed sling and backpack. Quick access to a camera has never been faster with a sling that offers a quick release and one-handed bag opening for camera access. Left-handed photographers can celebrate as they discover the first photo...
10073	unique camera bag	This bag is a combination of sling bag, backpack and traditional carry bag. It's multiple uses and capacity are what appealed to me. It can be worn as a sling bag (either shoulder), two strap backpack, or carried with the comfortable handle on top. It is easy to get at the contents, and it is not too large to fit in airline overhead compartments. KATA bags are always well padded, and my precious camera gear is safe. There is a fairly large compartment at the top that can be used to store just about anything (lunch, a jacket, etc.) that adds to it's versatility. Note: it does not carry a laptop.	Why choose between a backpack and a sling when you simply can pick up one of the new BrandXYZ 3N1 bags and get the best features of each type of bag? These unique bags provide ultimate freedom designed with three carrying options in one bag: right-handed sling, left-handed sling and backpack. Quick access to a camera has never been faster with a sling that offers a quick release and one-handed bag opening for camera access. Left-handed photographers can celebrate as they discover the first photo...
10075	Excellent day bag!	This is the first Kata bag that I've purchased and it is amazingly constructed. Granted, you have to think through how you will lay out the lens compartments, however once done, it's a breeze to store all my lens and camera body. The snaps are effective and simple. The multi-conifgurable shoulder straps are great. I wore the unit as a sling across my right shoulder for half a day, then switched it to backpack configuration just for a different feel. It's a great bag! I would recommend it to anyone!	Why choose between a backpack and a sling when you simply can pick up one of the new BrandXYZ 3N1 bags and get the best features of each type of bag? These unique bags provide ultimate freedom designed with three carrying options in one bag: right-handed sling, left-handed sling and backpack. Quick access to a camera has never been faster with a sling that offers a quick release and one-handed bag opening for camera access. Left-handed photographers can celebrate as they discover the first photo...
10076	Versatile Camera case	Great camera bag. I have a Canon 7D with 2 lens, and lots of accessories. It also fits my cam corder and its accessories. It is comfortable and travels well. It is well made and durable.	Why choose between a backpack and a sling when you simply can pick up one of the new BrandXYZ 3N1 bags and get the best features of each type of bag? These unique bags provide ultimate freedom designed with three carrying options in one bag: right-handed sling, left-handed sling and backpack. Quick access to a camera has never been faster with a sling that offers a quick release and one-handed bag opening for camera access. Left-handed photographers can celebrate as they discover the first photo...
10080	Avoid	Wow, what a piece of junk. There are so many things wrong with this bag that it's hard to know where to begin. It's almost like Kata outsourced both the design and the manufacturing. First off, if you've had other Kata gear (I have the fine Kata 103 back pack), and are expecting high build quality, you won't find it here. The zippers are skimpy, with tiny pulls. The stitching isn't tight. The material feels cheap. And look at that handle on top of the bag: it's attached to the top compartment flap which means the zipper is the only thing supporting it. Using that handle to lift the bag will mean early zipper failure. Next, design. Is Apple the last company on earth that knows how to design a product? The 3N1 is the worst of all possible worlds: it does nothing well. As a sling bag, it's fiddly with both a buckle and zippers to mess with. Worse yet, as a sling bag, the only thing that is accessible is the camera, unlike the design of the Lowepro Slingshot, which also gives you access to lenses when in the "ready" position. As a backpack, the harness is undersized, which makes it not all that comfortable. And the design of the main flap makes 1/3 of the camera compartment hard to access. Rain cover? Sure, it includes one, but it's stored in a separate bag and isn't integrated in its own compartment. (Granted, this is also one of my beefs with the Kata 103.) Security? This bag is unusable in an urban environments. Flaps everywhere, on every side, with little zippers (see above) that are apt to come undone on their own. I could go on, but why bother. Stay away from this bag, you will thank me. Good thing I bought this from Amazon as it's going back.	Why choose between a backpack and a sling when you simply can pick up one of the new BrandXYZ 3N1 bags and get the best features of each type of bag? These unique bags provide ultimate freedom designed with three carrying options in one bag: right-handed sling, left-handed sling and backpack. Quick access to a camera has never been faster with a sling that offers a quick release and one-handed bag opening for camera access. Left-handed photographers can celebrate as they discover the first photo...
10084	Thermal Shutdown is for the Birds!	Fellow Wedding Photographers! Please listen! The SB-900's thermal shutdown is a very serious problem for us. I received my SB-900 last Thursday and shot a wedding on Saturday. YES! The thermal shutdown Grinch got me! Even after I read the reviews complaining about the problem, I rationalized it by thinking, well I probably don't shoot as fast as they do. WRONG! It got me after just 6 full power exposures! As background, I've used a SB-800 for a couple of years shooting fairly rapidly and never had a problem with overheating. I likely had overheating, but the SB-800 flash withstood the stress. Not so with the SB-900's thermal shutdown feature. Reluctantly, I'm turning "thermal shutdown" OFF in the setup menu. Why? Because I love the SB-900 otherwise! It's a wonderful step above the 800. But now I may risk warranty repair problems should something happen. I hate being put into that position by Nikon! I've been loyal to the brand since 1964's Nikon F days. Hopefully Nikon will come up with a cure, especially since the 900 has the ability for it's software/parameters to be remotely updated. In the meantime, wedding photographers, you're taking a big chance the unit will shut down just when important shots happen, unless you disable the thermal shutdown protection mode. I'm still rating the SB-900 as 4 stars, since all else seems fantastic. ATTN: NIKON! Please fix this problem!	Professional i-TTL Speedlight compatible with BrandXYZ FX and DX format SLRs, and part of the BrandXYZ Creative Lighting System. This powerful Speedlight offers photographers extensive creative opportunities for their flash photography. Three illumination patterns - Center-weighted, Even and Standard - provide total control over flash coverage and it covers a class-leading auto zoom range of 17-200mm in just 1.2 seconds.Advanced features include a booster circuit that enables high-speed recyclin...
10085	Looks ready for battle, but turns out to be a delicate flower	I shot two weddings this weekend and the SB-900 didn't even make it out of my case for the second one. It overheats unbelievably quickly, after hardly a dozen shots at full power, and then it does a thermal shutdown -- meaning it emits a series of pinball machine-esque beeps and then refuses to operate for a few minutes until the internal temperature goes down far enough. Pretty bad if you're in the middle of taking group photos, and twenty pairs of eyes are on you. What are you supposed to do -- tell everyone to wait around until the flash is good 'n' ready again? With this limitation, it's just not a tool that's remotely acceptable to a pro. (Of course, if you don't shoot events, and can take your time between flashed photos, what is a critical point to me may well be unimportant to you.) I suppose it makes sense for Nikon to err on the side of caution, but I'm glad my SB-800s seem to be made of sturdier stuff. True, you can't keep flashing away with the SB-800 either -- Nikon recommends cooling its bigger speedlights for at least ten minutes after bursts of heavy and sustained flash use -- but I haven't run up against a practical limitation. I work my SB-800 speedlights hard, and so far (four years and counting) I haven't burned one out yet. As for the SB-900, it's surprising that a flash this expensive is such a delicate flower, so prone to overheating. In that regard, it may actually be just a little too big & powerful for its own good. I believe you can elect (somewhere in the menu) not to have the thing turn itself off when it gets too hot, so perhaps you can wring the same performance and stamina from the SB-900 that you can from the SB-800. But while it'd be no fun to burn out a 300-dollar flash, it'd be especially painful to accidentally bump off its considerably more expensive big brother. So I'm going back to my three SB-800s, and the SB-900 is going back to Amazon for a refund.	Professional i-TTL Speedlight compatible with BrandXYZ FX and DX format SLRs, and part of the BrandXYZ Creative Lighting System. This powerful Speedlight offers photographers extensive creative opportunities for their flash photography. Three illumination patterns - Center-weighted, Even and Standard - provide total control over flash coverage and it covers a class-leading auto zoom range of 17-200mm in just 1.2 seconds.Advanced features include a booster circuit that enables high-speed recyclin...
10091	Highly recommend	This flash is a great item. I read the reviews and was a little concerned, but took the plunge anyway. I am glad I did. I have no problems with the battery or speed at which the next flash is ready. It is very powerful and has increased distance for zooming. The flash is perfect for my D300 and 18-200 Nikor lens. I have yet to try it using it as a master flash.	Professional i-TTL Speedlight compatible with BrandXYZ FX and DX format SLRs, and part of the BrandXYZ Creative Lighting System. This powerful Speedlight offers photographers extensive creative opportunities for their flash photography. Three illumination patterns - Center-weighted, Even and Standard - provide total control over flash coverage and it covers a class-leading auto zoom range of 17-200mm in just 1.2 seconds.Advanced features include a booster circuit that enables high-speed recyclin...
10092	Excellent Flash	I purchased this as a replacement for an SB600 as my main on-shoe flash, and as a second flash for off-camera strobes in my basement studio. I love this flash, especially compared to the 600, for no other reason than changing it from normal to master or remote is as simple as turning a dial. With the 600, it's an exercise in multi-button torture to get it into remote mode! I can't compare it to the 800 to say whether it is better or worse than, but compared to the 600 it's a great flash if you are doing anything beyond basic on-camera work.	Professional i-TTL Speedlight compatible with BrandXYZ FX and DX format SLRs, and part of the BrandXYZ Creative Lighting System. This powerful Speedlight offers photographers extensive creative opportunities for their flash photography. Three illumination patterns - Center-weighted, Even and Standard - provide total control over flash coverage and it covers a class-leading auto zoom range of 17-200mm in just 1.2 seconds.Advanced features include a booster circuit that enables high-speed recyclin...
10095	The King Kong of Flashes	I've had my SB900 for several weeks now. I experimented a lot the first week or so with it and was quite impressed, especially when used off camera. It is very well designed and easy to use. It also comes with a full set of tupperware and plastic, gels, gel holder and diffuser. These items are really worth next to nothing to make but they can be expensive by the time you buy them separately. The downside really with this flash is it's size. Also, as impressed as I am with it's performance, at the end of the day the SB600 is probably a better choice for people like me who aren't professionals. It is half the price, 120 grams or so lighter and much more compact. Mind you none of these flash guns are exactly compact but the SB900 is really the King Kong of flashes and really it ponders the question of what the limits should be on size and weight and price for a camera strobe. I guess if you have a monster pro camera like a Nikon D3 which you need a crane to lift as it is, maybe it is OK but I would give this flash the thumbs down unless you are a press or wedding photographer. I personally think that Nikon should be working on a nice general purpose flash redesigned with usability in mind, off camera remote capability and full head swivel but try to make it as small and inexpensive as possible. Yes a redesigned and shrunk SB-600!	Professional i-TTL Speedlight compatible with BrandXYZ FX and DX format SLRs, and part of the BrandXYZ Creative Lighting System. This powerful Speedlight offers photographers extensive creative opportunities for their flash photography. Three illumination patterns - Center-weighted, Even and Standard - provide total control over flash coverage and it covers a class-leading auto zoom range of 17-200mm in just 1.2 seconds.Advanced features include a booster circuit that enables high-speed recyclin...
10127	Great Nikon Flash	I recently used for a big Weeding with a Nikon D300, worked well but after 50 pictures in a full mode got overheated and the automatic function turned off the flash, I will recomend a back up flash for special ocasions. I used with regular AA batteries lasted about 200 pictures. The motor is quiet and very useful when tele is used. Size wise is some what big and heavy, coverage is great. Pricy as all Nikon product but well made.	Professional i-TTL Speedlight compatible with BrandXYZ FX and DX format SLRs, and part of the BrandXYZ Creative Lighting System. This powerful Speedlight offers photographers extensive creative opportunities for their flash photography. Three illumination patterns - Center-weighted, Even and Standard - provide total control over flash coverage and it covers a class-leading auto zoom range of 17-200mm in just 1.2 seconds.Advanced features include a booster circuit that enables high-speed recyclin...
10135	awsome	great flash rel fast recycle time has a safty mode to prevent damage to flash display is very easy to see and work with good range and great control of settings you get what you ordered	Professional i-TTL Speedlight compatible with BrandXYZ FX and DX format SLRs, and part of the BrandXYZ Creative Lighting System. This powerful Speedlight offers photographers extensive creative opportunities for their flash photography. Three illumination patterns - Center-weighted, Even and Standard - provide total control over flash coverage and it covers a class-leading auto zoom range of 17-200mm in just 1.2 seconds.Advanced features include a booster circuit that enables high-speed recyclin...
10136	Excellent flash, free shipping = poor packing	This flash is great -- overpriced by about $100 for what it does, not a whole lot more than what the SB800 does, adds a few bells and whistles and has much better layout of controls. Wait a few months and it will be more realistically priced, $350 ought to be the top price. Amazon has already shaved $20 off it since I fell for it. Amazon's packing department ought to go back to school They just threw the flash in a box with one plastic bubble. It banged around a lot during shipping. Poor job.	Professional i-TTL Speedlight compatible with BrandXYZ FX and DX format SLRs, and part of the BrandXYZ Creative Lighting System. This powerful Speedlight offers photographers extensive creative opportunities for their flash photography. Three illumination patterns - Center-weighted, Even and Standard - provide total control over flash coverage and it covers a class-leading auto zoom range of 17-200mm in just 1.2 seconds.Advanced features include a booster circuit that enables high-speed recyclin...
10140	Great flash, but large	As good as the SB800 is over the old SB28 that I used on my D1, is how much better the SB900 is over the SB800. Fast, powerful, a bit large, so you are going to be even more obvious, which will float some boats anyhow, but an almost - too - powerful primary. Highly recommended.	Professional i-TTL Speedlight compatible with BrandXYZ FX and DX format SLRs, and part of the BrandXYZ Creative Lighting System. This powerful Speedlight offers photographers extensive creative opportunities for their flash photography. Three illumination patterns - Center-weighted, Even and Standard - provide total control over flash coverage and it covers a class-leading auto zoom range of 17-200mm in just 1.2 seconds.Advanced features include a booster circuit that enables high-speed recyclin...
10161	Not Bad	PROS: Good design for such a small size with largely simple interface (manual is on the packaged mini-CD in pdf). Optional UMS is a godsend as it bypasses proprietary software. Just plug it in and your computer recognizes it at as big floppy (have to install the software first for installation though). If you don't like that, there's another option to transfer from Windows Media Player 11. The sound quality is about par for mp3 players but depends more on the quality of the mp3s. One thing for audiophiles is the option for FLAC, or loss less audio, but they may want to go for the 8 gig if planning on large amounts of FLAC. Headphones that come with it are pretty decent. Transfer rate is quick. Around 3.7 gigs rather than a full 4, but that was expected. The ability to store and read text files is pretty awesome, especially for students. Video quality depends largely on the video you're adding. Same goes for pictures. Radio comes in loud and strong. Player comes with an area for a lanyard strap for securing it to your body. The packaged software allows you to manage your music that way and can look up songs to fix the Mp3 tags as well as get cover art off the internet which also appears when you play the song. Personally, I think this is pretty cool, but in practice the software is extremely slow in finding, updating and saving the tag and cover art to the player, so thus I don't use it. That said, the feature is still pretty nice in theory. Also, there is a capacity to record from the radio and spoken speech like most Iriver mp3 players. Battery life for the internal rechargeable battery is not really their alleged 12 hours. More like 10, which still isn't bad, but not good compared to other players'. CONS: D-Click can be occasionally sluggish to respond. Artists are not in alphabetical format which is super annoying in trying to find a certain artist however, this may be patched in the future as the software has the ability to update its firmware. This is my biggest gripe. Same goes for sorting by albums and genre. It reads and shows Mp3 tags, thus improperly formatted ones will not show the artist or the music track title, just whatever was written. Video sometimes requires a converter. It's hard to find after market accessories though which may result in unnecessary cosmetic damage. There are some, but they are pretty expensive barring auction sites. iPod accessory market this is not. The player updates its database every time you upload forcing you to wait for it before you can use it. Also, it's slow in showing pictures. Video battery is not so good at around 2.5~3 hours. OVERALL: It's a pretty solid player, it's tiny and most of the issues are essentially firmware that may be patched or for some people hacked. It's not the best mp3 player Iriver has made, but it is a good buy for its price. It seems like they tried to produce a tiny, tiny computer and the slowness of it comes through a bit too often. Good audio, good video, good radio, picture viewing and text? That's quite a package even with some down sides.	With sleek, sophisticated design and a wealth of extras, the BrandXYZ Lplayer is a perfect option for carrying around your media. The Lplayer plays music, video, photos, and more; boasts a 2-inch color display; FM radio with recording; and voice recording--all easily navigated using the intuitive BrandXYZ "D-Click" system. Take your media anywhere. Click to enlarge. Enjoy brilliant images and video on the 2-inch, 262,000-color TFT LCD. Click to enlarge. Sleek and stylish at just 13-mm deep. Clic...
10162	Nice..but not perfect	Hi, I got this a couple of weeks ago. It is not bad--looks good, sounds good (on Shure 210s, anyway). Unlike some reviews the d-click seems fine to me. My issues are: a) it doesn't order songs well. There is no (easy) way to order things by Artist and then Album for example. Ever worse, Albums are not in alphabetical order. This is a real pain! b) it doesn't play nicely with linux...you can get it to work, but out of the box it needs a little tweaking	With sleek, sophisticated design and a wealth of extras, the BrandXYZ Lplayer is a perfect option for carrying around your media. The Lplayer plays music, video, photos, and more; boasts a 2-inch color display; FM radio with recording; and voice recording--all easily navigated using the intuitive BrandXYZ "D-Click" system. Take your media anywhere. Click to enlarge. Enjoy brilliant images and video on the 2-inch, 262,000-color TFT LCD. Click to enlarge. Sleek and stylish at just 13-mm deep. Clic...
10163	Brings nothing to the table and even takes some steps backward	This review covers a device loaded with version 1.06 of the firmware. I bought the 8 GB version back in January. I was debating between this and the Sansa Clip, and boy do I wish I'd gone with the Clip. I was swayed by pretty looks and a strange thought that I might someday want to watch movies on a tiny 1" screen. Beyond the appearance, I can think of no way to make a worse mp3 player. My basis for comparison is my Creative Zen Micro from 2005, and honestly, with exception to the screen and capacity, it wins hands down. Honestly, you've got a pretty basic mp3 player here, but there are a couple of things that make it absolutely worthless. The iriver LPlayer arranges your tracks alphabetically. Want to listen to an album in its proper order? Unless you stick numbers at the front of the tracks in your ID3 tags (information in the mp3 file that tells artist, album, etc), you won't be able to. I can't tell you how infuriating this is given iriver has had all the time in the world to fix such a little things. EVERY OTHER MP3 PLAYER ON THE MARKET READS ID3 TAGS PROPERLY. There is absolutely no excuse for this, and it's a pretty clear sign that iriver doesn't listen to their customers at all. (I've emailed them on this issue to no avail.) The next two things are not as infuriating, but still quite vexing. There is no gapless playback, and, at least with the latest firmware, iriver seems to think they can "fix" this by making fade-ins and fade-outs universal. Despite there being an option to turn fading on/off in the options, the option does nothing. And then second, the music quality is only average. If you have high-quality mp3 tracks, FLAC, Ogg Vorbis, etc., and a great pair of headphones, you won't be getting anything extra out of your music. If you want a pint-sized mp3 player, the Sansa Clip is hands down my recommendation. The LPlayer simply doesn't belong in this generation of mp3 players.	With sleek, sophisticated design and a wealth of extras, the BrandXYZ Lplayer is a perfect option for carrying around your media. The Lplayer plays music, video, photos, and more; boasts a 2-inch color display; FM radio with recording; and voice recording--all easily navigated using the intuitive BrandXYZ "D-Click" system. Take your media anywhere. Click to enlarge. Enjoy brilliant images and video on the 2-inch, 262,000-color TFT LCD. Click to enlarge. Sleek and stylish at just 13-mm deep. Clic...
10165	Good little player for the price	My first MP3 player was an the older clunker iriver (but it did last 5 years) so I went back to iriver for an update.I picked up this MP3 player because I didn't need all the extras of the Clix. I knew I just wanted it really for music, recording, and text files. Overall, I'm pretty pleased. The music quality is good depending on the MP3s loaded. I recommend getting better quality earphones, but the included ones are OK. Also, I love the fact that you can pick whether to use UMS or MTP to transfer music. I know my laptop wasn't fond of UMS, but when I switched the device to MTP everything uploaded quickly and nicely. All the instructions for the player set up is on the included disc with a nifty paper-based cheatsheet to get you started quickly. Also, I love the built in FM. This feature is what has made me such an iriver fan. The reception is clear and the scanning feature useful. (Fair warning, the scanning feature will pick up every station it receives up to 20 so you may have to go back and do some tweaking to make sure your favorite stations are represented.) The recordings also have good quality. However, you do need the device to be in close proximity to get a great sound so note NOT good for recording in large or noisy spaces. The D-click is fine. Its the same technology as in previous Iriver models so I my assessment could be a bit biased as I'm used to working with the technology. Personally, I think its reasonably intuitive. If you are not used to it, I can understand how it could be a little annoying, but once you get used to it-I guarantee it will feel like second nature.The screen is small (duh!) so constantly using it for reading text files can be tiring on the eyes. However, its a nice feature to have if you need to squeeze in some work time on the train. The player is super compact/lightweight which makes it very easy to carry around but it also makes it easy to lose or to forget where you placed it. So be careful or you could accidentally damage the thing. Now the cons: 1) No wall charger-only a USB. You can buy an accessory kit on Amazon that comes with wall charger or pick one up at the local electronics store. I highly recommend it as the device charges much faster with the wall charger. 2) You can't easily organize artists and albums (not even alphabetically- for some reason the designers didn't see this as a necessity. Everyhing is kinda jumbled together under general headings like albums, artists, and genres. 3) You just can't add video. You need to download the software included on the set up disc, run the video through it, then added it to the player. If you patient, this is fine. If not, learn some because that's the process.	With sleek, sophisticated design and a wealth of extras, the BrandXYZ Lplayer is a perfect option for carrying around your media. The Lplayer plays music, video, photos, and more; boasts a 2-inch color display; FM radio with recording; and voice recording--all easily navigated using the intuitive BrandXYZ "D-Click" system. Take your media anywhere. Click to enlarge. Enjoy brilliant images and video on the 2-inch, 262,000-color TFT LCD. Click to enlarge. Sleek and stylish at just 13-mm deep. Clic...
10166	Outstanding Product!!	I purchased this player about a month ago, and so far I am more than pleased with it's performance! It's FM recording feature is excellent, with three quality settings(Low, Quality, Medium Quality, and High Quality), you have choices in how much space is taken up when you record. Nor does it take up much space at all on high. Especially compared to my previous player( ), Which filled up quickly when recording FM. FM reception is good most of the time, though fitful in buildings. Interface is easily learned, and not complicated. My only complaint is that the hold switch is difficult to activate without pressing on the edge of the screen/button. Especially while recording, which, if you press a button while recording, will pause the recording. Besides that, fantastic product! Very happy with it.	With sleek, sophisticated design and a wealth of extras, the BrandXYZ Lplayer is a perfect option for carrying around your media. The Lplayer plays music, video, photos, and more; boasts a 2-inch color display; FM radio with recording; and voice recording--all easily navigated using the intuitive BrandXYZ "D-Click" system. Take your media anywhere. Click to enlarge. Enjoy brilliant images and video on the 2-inch, 262,000-color TFT LCD. Click to enlarge. Sleek and stylish at just 13-mm deep. Clic...
10168	Decent sound, very flexible, easy to navigate within the device	Once I worked through the player setup, I was glad I got it. The biggest pluses are the sound quality, sound customizing options, ease in navigation, and not being stuck with the whole iTunes racket :) Additionally it will search for your radio stations on its own and let you set them in memory with one action. That is nice for travel. Transferring music files from your PC to the device also is not too painful. You can drag and drop and they load pretty quickly. Also you can create and organize folders on the device through your PC. You do NOT have to use Windows Media Player to do this, though setup gives you that option. I have not tried storing any text or video on this yet. The screen is a bit small for watching anything, and I primarily got this device for music. I would be more inclined to load pictures on it instead of video. My main criticism is the presentation of the instructions that come with the player. A 'quick setup' pamphlet is in the box. It is not very useful. What they neglect letting you know is that the setup disc has an Adobe file with more detailed instructions. Not realizing that critical detail might lead a newbie to inadvertently set something they would not have wanted- had they known. Before you do anything, you are best off loading the disk and reading that file to acquaint yourself with the player. Yet I did not find the format/layout of the directions in the file to be very logical or intuitive. I did a lot by instinct based upon setting up other mp3s. For a newbie, the directions would be frustrating. A flowchart that actually walks the user through setup and decision points would be a nice feature to include with the directions. That is just me; I'm used to creating descriptive and instructional items and therefore extremely critical of such media. Aside from that, I'm pleased with the player!	With sleek, sophisticated design and a wealth of extras, the BrandXYZ Lplayer is a perfect option for carrying around your media. The Lplayer plays music, video, photos, and more; boasts a 2-inch color display; FM radio with recording; and voice recording--all easily navigated using the intuitive BrandXYZ "D-Click" system. Take your media anywhere. Click to enlarge. Enjoy brilliant images and video on the 2-inch, 262,000-color TFT LCD. Click to enlarge. Sleek and stylish at just 13-mm deep. Clic...
10169	Great APE / FLAC player	This is my first APE/Flac and mp3 player, perform very well. Ebook feature is also useful for me. Greate for the feature at this price	With sleek, sophisticated design and a wealth of extras, the BrandXYZ Lplayer is a perfect option for carrying around your media. The Lplayer plays music, video, photos, and more; boasts a 2-inch color display; FM radio with recording; and voice recording--all easily navigated using the intuitive BrandXYZ "D-Click" system. Take your media anywhere. Click to enlarge. Enjoy brilliant images and video on the 2-inch, 262,000-color TFT LCD. Click to enlarge. Sleek and stylish at just 13-mm deep. Clic...
10170	Awesome	When looking for a portable MP3 w/ strong output, I do not imagine it could get too much better than this. My only complaint would be the navigation feature, there is no way to quickly browse through song lists.	With sleek, sophisticated design and a wealth of extras, the BrandXYZ Lplayer is a perfect option for carrying around your media. The Lplayer plays music, video, photos, and more; boasts a 2-inch color display; FM radio with recording; and voice recording--all easily navigated using the intuitive BrandXYZ "D-Click" system. Take your media anywhere. Click to enlarge. Enjoy brilliant images and video on the 2-inch, 262,000-color TFT LCD. Click to enlarge. Sleek and stylish at just 13-mm deep. Clic...
10171	Very bad battery life and so so sound quality	I got this little MP3 player for 2008 X'mas but just after about 3 months the battery is totally died. It will not be charged. The sound is just OK and the menu is really painful to use. Not a great player.	With sleek, sophisticated design and a wealth of extras, the BrandXYZ Lplayer is a perfect option for carrying around your media. The Lplayer plays music, video, photos, and more; boasts a 2-inch color display; FM radio with recording; and voice recording--all easily navigated using the intuitive BrandXYZ "D-Click" system. Take your media anywhere. Click to enlarge. Enjoy brilliant images and video on the 2-inch, 262,000-color TFT LCD. Click to enlarge. Sleek and stylish at just 13-mm deep. Clic...
10174	Revier of Iriver Lplayer	I purchased the Lplayer to record music for an aunt residing in a nursing home. When it arrived it did not have any way to be recharged other than being connected to a computer. My aunt does not have access to a computer. I was told by the Iriver phone tech that there was not an external charger available, and to use any other brand else would void the warranty. I found a charger that works just fine at Radio Shack for approximately $20. This was not satisfactory service. I have loaded the Lplayer with music and have sent it to my aunt.	With sleek, sophisticated design and a wealth of extras, the BrandXYZ Lplayer is a perfect option for carrying around your media. The Lplayer plays music, video, photos, and more; boasts a 2-inch color display; FM radio with recording; and voice recording--all easily navigated using the intuitive BrandXYZ "D-Click" system. Take your media anywhere. Click to enlarge. Enjoy brilliant images and video on the 2-inch, 262,000-color TFT LCD. Click to enlarge. Sleek and stylish at just 13-mm deep. Clic...
10185	Buy something else with software.	A video reveiw would really stink on this if I used the video this junk camera shows me at a distance of about thirty feet. I waited too long to get a refund on this camera while I was waiting to find some decent software to use with it. Still havent found anything good to record with,this is a serveillance camera,right? more like a baby cam , U can use a web cam for that.	BrandXYZ Enhanced Wireless Technology eliminates interference from most household appliances and the slim line receiver connects to TV / VCR / DVD Recorder devices in minutes. Enjoy listen-in audio from the built-in microphone and the ability to optionally add batteries so that the camera is truly portable
10186	great for the price	I added this portable camera to my wired Lorex system. For those that complain about the picture quality, it is because of the wireless interference. It didn't take me long to reposition the receiver to get a better signal (I used a longer video cable to mount the receiver higher). The quality matches it's price. It is used to monitor my teenage kid's parties. It's not good at detail, so I don't recommend it for front door or reading license plates. The night vision is also adequate for the price. It has enough IR for a 20x20 room. Remember, more IR's require more power which produces more heat. If you use the 2 camera system, it will switch between the two. It doesn't simultaneously view both cameras. I forget what frequency it uses, but the receiver is around 5 ft from my linksys wireless G router. I also have a wireless phone system (10 handsets) using dect 6 which doesn't cause any interference. When I mounted the receiver too low (4 ft) I notice video interference whenever someone walked by the receiver. Mounting it closer to the ceiling cleared up all interference. -a|ex	BrandXYZ Enhanced Wireless Technology eliminates interference from most household appliances and the slim line receiver connects to TV / VCR / DVD Recorder devices in minutes. Enjoy listen-in audio from the built-in microphone and the ability to optionally add batteries so that the camera is truly portable
10202	You have found the best value for a wireless system!	First of all, I have no idea why this unit isn't as popular as the name brand baby monitors or why it isn't marketed heavily at chain stores but believe me it is awesome! Anyone who purchases this will be pleased. After searching everywhere for a baby monitor I stumbled on this one and was worried because I couldn't see it in the store to play with it first. It also didn't have many reviews here which worried me a little. Other baby monitors had subpar reviews and people talked a lot about the issues with noise from cordless phones, wireless networks, range issues, image quality. Well I took a chance, ordered the system, received it fast, and use it every day. The camera is nice and easy to align. You can use either battery or ac power. The image quality at night is very bright and during the day is acceptable too. Focusing has never been an issue. You can see in completely dark conditions. The night light is nice and remotely enabled/disabled from the handheld. The handheld is very easy to use and handy to carry around the house. It is so simple to use and not overly complex. The screen clarity and size is fine and the menu is basic. The button placement is convenient on the sides but when holding it we tend to press them when we didn't want to. The signal range is very good and goes from back bedroom to mailbox. In Florida, with cement block anyone knows this is a challenge with any wireless device. It works in perfect harmony with my wireless 2.4g router and 2.4g cordless phone. My only cons would be button placement on handheld, pricey for add-on cameras (for like 50 more bucks you can get another handheld), battery life is shorter than I would like. (less than 6 hours with screen saver set at 1 minute) The price is right too. Compare this to any monitor out there and you will be extremely pleased. Price vs. value this unit wins! You won't be disappointed.	BrandXYZ introduces the latest in Wireless Digital Technology with excellent video quality and audio quality. The digital signal is secure and interference free. Add up to three cameras to this system for surveillance in various locations. Enjoy the convenience of an included rechargeable battery and cradle in addition to the built in stand & belt clip
10203	Great Camera for the price	The camera has so far exceeded my expectations. The video quality in light and in darkness has been exceptional and the range is great, it works from the front of my house to the complete upstairs other end. I also like the fact that this is digital and isn't able to be picked up by my neighbors or anyone who just happens to be passing by. The battery life on the camera itself is decent but you won't want to run the camera on batteries alone. The battery life on the video monitor though is not the greatest so be sure and keep the charging base close by as it will need to be charged often. The adjustable sensitivity is nice becuase I have the camera mounted about 4 feet above the crib on the wall next to our crib. It doesn't alert us to small noises like when my daughter slightly moves or yawns, just when she begins to cry. When the camera is closer though it picks up more faint noises that she makes but the sensitivity adjustment on the video camera helps control that as well. Overall my wife and I have been very happy with the purchase and would recommend this product.	BrandXYZ introduces the latest in Wireless Digital Technology with excellent video quality and audio quality. The digital signal is secure and interference free. Add up to three cameras to this system for surveillance in various locations. Enjoy the convenience of an included rechargeable battery and cradle in addition to the built in stand & belt clip
10210	Great Product	I purchased the Lorex LW2002W to augment the sony baby monitor I have (Baby call NTM910). I pretty much use the product like this. If I hear my baby making noise I turn on the Lorex monitor and see what she is up to. I want to see if she is really crying or just crying because she does not want to sleep (i.e. rubbing her eyes, rolling around). This is great because before I would always go in her room and check things out and disturb her, now I can hold off a little longer to see if she is able to get herself to sleep without my intervention. Most times she can. I have the confidence to let her cry a bit longer because of this product, and her sleeping is now greatly improved. I like the fact you can connect it to your TV. Don't expect HD video though as it has poor resolution but looks okay from across the room at TV viewing distance. My unit did not come with the cradle so I called Lorex to let them know I was missing it from the box and they sent me one no questions asked (I just had to fax over the receipt). It took about 2 weeks to arrive. You can connect the monitor directly to the TV with the provided AV cable or via the charging cradle. I also use this camera as a low tech webcam by connecting it to my TV, pointing my macbooks built in webcamera at the actual TV screen and streaming the video (of the TV screen) over the internet using EVOCAM (even easier to use USTREAM.TV). This unit has a night camera that also works great and gives a pretty good image in zero light situations. The camera can run on batteries but if the camera is in night mode, the batteries will quickly go dead. Also the monitor itself has poor battery life. The best way to use the product is to set the screen to go to sleep after one minute. If you baby cries, the video will reactivate and you can see what is going on. I typically leave my monitor docked during the day and connected to the TV so I do not have to worry about the battery dying. At night I turn it off and take it to bed with me, and if I hear anything on the sony monitor I turn on the Lorex for a quick look at what is going on. If its nothing, I turn it back off and go to sleep. If you leave the monitor on all night, unplugged it will be dead by morning.	BrandXYZ introduces the latest in Wireless Digital Technology with excellent video quality and audio quality. The digital signal is secure and interference free. Add up to three cameras to this system for surveillance in various locations. Enjoy the convenience of an included rechargeable battery and cradle in addition to the built in stand & belt clip
10218	Great Product	This monitor worked perfectly and we tried a different brand first but had to return it since the range was not very good. I highly recommend this Lorex monitor. The picture is crystal clear and the sound is great too. We searched for a long time before finding this awesome product.	BrandXYZ introduces the latest in Wireless Digital Technology with excellent video quality and audio quality. The digital signal is secure and interference free. Add up to three cameras to this system for surveillance in various locations. Enjoy the convenience of an included rechargeable battery and cradle in addition to the built in stand & belt clip
10221	Depends on the need	This was our second monitor we bought. It has since been returned. What we did not like about it: 1. LCD only stays on for a few seconds and then power saves off. 2. Audio is not a continuous speaker, it only kicks on if it "hears" a sound. We have a newborn and based on these reviews, we thought it would be perfect. My wife H A T E D this so back it went. It wasn't that great for a baby monitor, in our opinion.	BrandXYZ introduces the latest in Wireless Digital Technology with excellent video quality and audio quality. The digital signal is secure and interference free. Add up to three cameras to this system for surveillance in various locations. Enjoy the convenience of an included rechargeable battery and cradle in addition to the built in stand & belt clip
10224	Amazing device!!!	I was a Vonage user for two years, and loved it; but how could I not try something which after 8 months would buy itself and would provide me free phone service, so I switched from Vonage to Ooma. The packaging for the device is fantastic: the device, packaging, and the manual looks like something Apple would make. The installation was very easy. Before you install the device, you need to go to Ooma website to activate the hub and setup a new phone number or transfer your current number. Everything is very simple. My choice was to pick a new number. I followed the simple instructions in the quick start guide. Ooma took about 2 minutes to go through initialization, and the device was up and running in no time. The voice quality is fantastic: to describe it, it's like having the person you are talking to on the phone standing next to you. It seems like the company has done its homework. The scout was easy to install as well: I just plugged it in a phone jack, and it automatically found the hub. The initialization took about a minute. I called Vonage to cancel, and they gave me 2 free months of unlimited calling. I used it to my advantage by automatically redirecting all of the calls from my old number to the new Ooma number for 2 months! You do not have to have a land line at all, which I think confuses some buyers. I am very pleased with my new service and would most definitely recommend it.	In a volatile economy, there's one utility you can save with the aid of VOIP technology - your phone service costs. Smart and stylish, the BrandXYZ Hub and BrandXYZ Scout partner with your high-speed Internet and your existing home phones to deliver free home phone service. Your one-time purchase eliminates monthly bills for U.S. calling and delivers extremely low rates for international calls. Your one-time purchase of an award-winning BrandXYZ Hub device frees your phone service. Call anyone, ...
10412	Free service ... shortly!	I paid $200 at a big box retailer after I asked if they would price match Amazon... They did so I bought local. This is the new norm as I'd call Amazon a big box retailer, just a virtual one! Anyway... free is in two months... as I have had the system for 6 months. Gotta love free when it works.. and it works! Very satisfied even when I had to contact customer service for a question. Yeah, it wasn't an instant response but then again, I knew up front and did not make it my primary system initially. After a month, I was prepped for the changeover. Took a bit longer on the phone number port but reasonable. This does cost but they dont say you get it for free so thats no beef here. Now after 6 months, I still dont use all the features that this system has. All I want is something that works and it does, plain and simple. I have a very slow broadband connection and my upload is in the order of 120K up / 760K down. Some would say I have dialup speed but I get it for about $20/mo and it's DSL so I dont notice the bog at 5pm when I need it. So my advice to those on the fence, buy it and try it.. 30 days free and see the quality in the service, product and customer service and think of your phone bill being a thing of the past in 8 months. I will be there shortly and teasing my "other" VOIP pay service friends until they see the light. I'm sure others have had not so positive results but based on what I see in these review, most are happy bill free or soon to be free owners. One other thing, the hardware you get with this system has buttons for retrieving and managing your voicemail. All others you have to call and push those tiny buttons on your phone to go forward and back and delete.. Not so on the core box. The only thing that would be nice would be to integerate a speaker phone for two way talking on it. If you need that functionality though, a cheap speakerphone beside it.. So like the comercial says like..'Pay Ooma now once or continue to pay XXX every month". Lets see, savings after one year assuming $25/mon... $100 net. After two years $300 plus first year $100...$400... What could you buy with $400? $25/mo pays for my internet service.. and a gallon of milk...Can you say MOOOOOOOOOO!	In a volatile economy, there's one utility you can save with the aid of VOIP technology - your phone service costs. Smart and stylish, the BrandXYZ Hub and BrandXYZ Scout partner with your high-speed Internet and your existing home phones to deliver free home phone service. Your one-time purchase eliminates monthly bills for U.S. calling and delivers extremely low rates for international calls. Your one-time purchase of an award-winning BrandXYZ Hub device frees your phone service. Call anyone, ...
10433	No brainer - just do it	I hardly write any reviews. Ooma has created a very good product - user friendly - just connect it works. Porting took 15 days. Canceled my DSL and went with a cable for internet. No landline - bye bye AT&T. Been using it close to 2 yrs. It is a no brainer - just buy it.	In a volatile economy, there's one utility you can save with the aid of VOIP technology - your phone service costs. Smart and stylish, the BrandXYZ Hub and BrandXYZ Scout partner with your high-speed Internet and your existing home phones to deliver free home phone service. Your one-time purchase eliminates monthly bills for U.S. calling and delivers extremely low rates for international calls. Your one-time purchase of an award-winning BrandXYZ Hub device frees your phone service. Call anyone, ...
10501	Great product..Great savings !!!	Definitely ooma is a disruptive telephone service which is going to save lot of money for its owners. This product should be a great hit and should win over other many other services' customers. The setup is is simple for an average techie. The voice quality is so clear. The hub is so cool and looks like an apple product. It has some useful VM indicator, speakers for hearing VM and many more. Online ooma lounge is a very useful tool for accessing VM online and checking call logs. The only downside (may be not for many) is you are getting a scout device which is used to configure a second line, may not be useful if the house is small. I am greatly satisfied as a new user.	In a volatile economy, there's one utility you can save with the aid of VOIP technology - your phone service costs. Smart and stylish, the BrandXYZ Hub and BrandXYZ Scout partner with your high-speed Internet and your existing home phones to deliver free home phone service. Your one-time purchase eliminates monthly bills for U.S. calling and delivers extremely low rates for international calls. Your one-time purchase of an award-winning BrandXYZ Hub device frees your phone service. Call anyone, ...
10615	One of the best product on market	It works as it claimed. Line is clear even when I used it oversea. Never thought of a product that could have this price-performance, and the best of all, almost free after purchase (if not going for the Premier package). Highly recommended.	In a volatile economy, there's one utility you can save with the aid of VOIP technology - your phone service costs. Smart and stylish, the BrandXYZ Hub and BrandXYZ Scout partner with your high-speed Internet and your existing home phones to deliver free home phone service. Your one-time purchase eliminates monthly bills for U.S. calling and delivers extremely low rates for international calls. Your one-time purchase of an award-winning BrandXYZ Hub device frees your phone service. Call anyone, ...
10782	Wow wow wow WOW! Amazing quality!	I am not usually an early adopter, but boy am I glad I bought this when I did. I had major issues with my landline provider when I tried to move my service, and the shock waves that hit my poor cellphone bill with its bare minimum monthly plan devastated my budget. Two months with my Ooma, and the shockwaves are over. And the thing has already paid for itself. (Startling how quickly a cellphone overage adds up at 40 cents a minute.) The packaging is exquisite. The hub and scout are well-fitted with easy to decipher buttons that work in the dark. And set up was a total breeze. I had a question. It was answered online immediately. The customer service is fast, knowledgeable, and very polite. Call quality is excellent. Crystal clear, no echoes, no tin can, no delay. As good as my old landline. Voicemail and the other bundled features work flawlessly. The only thing I wish it had is call blocking. Maybe it does, and I haven't figured out how to use it. Seriously. There just is no downside to this device if you are already paying for broadband internet service.	In a volatile economy, there's one utility you can save with the aid of VOIP technology - your phone service costs. Smart and stylish, the BrandXYZ Hub and BrandXYZ Scout partner with your high-speed Internet and your existing home phones to deliver free home phone service. Your one-time purchase eliminates monthly bills for U.S. calling and delivers extremely low rates for international calls. Your one-time purchase of an award-winning BrandXYZ Hub device frees your phone service. Call anyone, ...
10818	Exactly as billed	I just received my Ooma and Scout today. I had it set up in minutes. There were no surprises except the crystal clear sound quality. It does everything that it is advertised to do. The one tricky thing for me was re-organizing my modem/router, computer, and phone set-up. But hook-up was a snap. The quality and size of the hub is nice since it sits on my counter-top. The phone bill savings were not quite as high as I expected since I have DSL and it costs a bit more when you cancel your home phone service. However, it will still pay for itself in less than a year. Update - One year later... Our family initially struggled with dropped calls and sound quality. It was quite frustrating. However, it was all tied back to our poor quality DSL service which frequently dropped our bandwidth to lower than advertised. Also, we had a combination modem/router which made configuring the QoS feature nearly impossible. Once we switched to Comcast's cable internet service and installed the Hub upstream of the router, everything has worked PERFECTLY! There is no interference from the computer even when downloading large files. In my opinion, configuring the QoS correctly may be the most important thing to get right in order to fully appreciate what Ooma can do.	In a volatile economy, there's one utility you can save with the aid of VOIP technology - your phone service costs. Smart and stylish, the BrandXYZ Hub and BrandXYZ Scout partner with your high-speed Internet and your existing home phones to deliver free home phone service. Your one-time purchase eliminates monthly bills for U.S. calling and delivers extremely low rates for international calls. Your one-time purchase of an award-winning BrandXYZ Hub device frees your phone service. Call anyone, ...
14896	Super satisfied.	I've been very satisfied, upgrade from a 6 cell to a 9 cell and I am very happy with how long it lasts. Even with my power settings left on high performance, I usually get 3.5-4 hrs charge, usually shut down & started up a couple times. I only tried on power save mode once, and I want to say it last between 4.25-4.5 hrs. For comparison sake this is on a Lenovo 3000 N100 Type 0768-A78. Nothing changed as of yet, though I am eager to see what the larger hard drive I have yet to install does for battery life. Overall, no complaints and very happy with the performance.	[Name] Battery For IBM Lenovo 3000 N100 Series Lenovo C200 3000 series [Fit model] IBM Lenovo 3000 N100 Series Lenovo C200 3000 series [Replace] FRU 42T4514 [Voltage(V)] 10.8 [Capacity(mAh)] 6600 [Cell] 9 [N.W(g)] 475g [Color] Silver [Type] Li-ion Replacement For: FRU 42T4514, FRU 42T4516, FRU 42T5212, FRU 42T5256, FRU 92P1184, ASM 42T5213, FRU 92P1186, ASM 92P1185, 40Y8315, 40Y8322 Fit Machine Models: 3000 N100 0768, 3000 C200 8922, 3000 N200, Lenovo 3000 N200, 3000 N100 0689, 3000 N100 Series,...
10819	Wow- great product, simple to use	I'm very impressed thus far with my Ooma. Very easy to set up. Worked on the first attempt without any difficulties. Great product! I would highly recommend...and seems like a good way to cut back on some monthly telephone/voip bills.	In a volatile economy, there's one utility you can save with the aid of VOIP technology - your phone service costs. Smart and stylish, the BrandXYZ Hub and BrandXYZ Scout partner with your high-speed Internet and your existing home phones to deliver free home phone service. Your one-time purchase eliminates monthly bills for U.S. calling and delivers extremely low rates for international calls. Your one-time purchase of an award-winning BrandXYZ Hub device frees your phone service. Call anyone, ...
10824	BEWARE DO NOT THROW AWAY THE BOX	I was already using Skype in one of my two homes and it worked great, so I get the system for my other home, threw out the box when it arrived, and ported my number. Big mistake. The system never worked right. Ooma blamed Verizon and Verizon blamed Ooma. I was spending endless hours with tech people, so I called a halt. I couldn't return the system because I ditched the box. I was out the porting fees and my annual fees and when I decided to sell the brand new system I learned that Ooma charges $60 to the new owner and the tech people were obnoxious once I said I was leaving. So be careful. Make sure it works right.	In a volatile economy, there's one utility you can save with the aid of VOIP technology - your phone service costs. Smart and stylish, the BrandXYZ Hub and BrandXYZ Scout partner with your high-speed Internet and your existing home phones to deliver free home phone service. Your one-time purchase eliminates monthly bills for U.S. calling and delivers extremely low rates for international calls. Your one-time purchase of an award-winning BrandXYZ Hub device frees your phone service. Call anyone, ...
10855	Fantastic Device & Service - the BEST !!!!!	Ooma is a fantastic service. Call quality is excellent. The device is very well made and packaged like an Apple Mac, which translates to very nicely. It was extremely easy to setup and activate and worked immediately. Highly recommended product.	In a volatile economy, there's one utility you can save with the aid of VOIP technology - your phone service costs. Smart and stylish, the BrandXYZ Hub and BrandXYZ Scout partner with your high-speed Internet and your existing home phones to deliver free home phone service. Your one-time purchase eliminates monthly bills for U.S. calling and delivers extremely low rates for international calls. Your one-time purchase of an award-winning BrandXYZ Hub device frees your phone service. Call anyone, ...
10954	Great Sub	I purchased the take 5 speakers, and was debating between the 8" or 10" sub, I decided to go with the 10". I have had a lot of audio equipment over the years, and I really enjoy a nice clean "thumping" bass, and this unit delivers, with plenty to spare. My only complaint is, this unit has a real nice blue light that comes on when activated, and they are notorious for blowing out, usually in less than a week. This doesn't affect the performance in any way, just no light. Now if you have five minutes to spare, and can use a screwdriver, you can replace this bulb for roughly $1. The catch is, you kill your warranty if you do. Energy customer service wants you to ship the unit back to them, to the tune of between $20-$30, (it is a heavy piece). depending on where you live, where they will replace the bulb,under warranty, and ship the unit back to you, with roughly a 2-3 week wait. Makes absolutely no sense, and the reason for four stars, but if you don't mind living without the light, (it will blow) it is one nice sub, that can handle just about anything you can throw at it, even at high levels, without breaking up.	Subwoofers aren?t just about having ?knock down the walls? power?they?re about delivering accurate bass at lower volumes, too. With a 10-inch hybrid?woofer?and 200 watts of power, the BrandXYZ S10.3 is ideal for any home theater or stereo system. 200 watts of RMS power from the built-in amplifier gives it plenty of grunt to make the deepest bass resound. Plus, the S10.3s black ash veneer blends with most of BrandXYZ's speaker lines and looks great next to any flat panel display.
10955	Stay away from Energy	I bought this subwoofer along with Energy TC 5 pack about 4 months ago, first 3-3 1/2 month i did not really use it because i did not have a receiver, i bought a brand new Onkyo-607 couple weeks ago. After all the break in and tweaking (crossover, phase etc) the sub works OK for mid to high sub frequencies but for low freq it makes a wierd noise like kur kur kur. for example during first 10 min of Terminator 2 and for songs like Baby boy - Beyonce, Slave for you -Britney spears etc. The noise level is so bad that you would not be able to bare it for more than 10 min, i watched entire T2 movie just to see if it was specific to a scene, during the movie it made the noise over 25 times. I called Energy who said warantee is handled by the seller and has nothing to do with them. and the seller will make you ship it to their service center which usually costs $40-$60. I had to spend 2 hours on phone to convince them its' a bad sub to start with and is unusable. they sent me a return lable and i shipped the sub. i am not sure if they will repair the same or send me another one. Yes, i am guilty of not doing enough research about subwoofer and just went by specifications and brand name. There are so many better subwoofers in the market e.g. Dayton, Polk, TSC that cost much less than this crappy one... TSC (the speaker company) is so confident about their speakers that they offer 30 day satisfaction garantee and they will pay for shipping both ways if you return the speakers. Same if you buy a sub from Best buy. Do youself a favor and buy from a company where you can return with no cost to you and repairs won't cost you an arm and a leg. I see a lot of deals with Energy speakers selling for a fraction of their price, do you wonder why? i suspect Energy may be going out of business. Happy Holidays!	Subwoofers aren?t just about having ?knock down the walls? power?they?re about delivering accurate bass at lower volumes, too. With a 10-inch hybrid?woofer?and 200 watts of power, the BrandXYZ S10.3 is ideal for any home theater or stereo system. 200 watts of RMS power from the built-in amplifier gives it plenty of grunt to make the deepest bass resound. Plus, the S10.3s black ash veneer blends with most of BrandXYZ's speaker lines and looks great next to any flat panel display.
10956	Pretty Solid SubWoofer....but	I bought this Sub Woofer based on numerous reviews I had read. The first one I received simply did not work, and would not "auto power up. and off".. The company did replace it immediately...but...only after I shipped the brand new not working one back to them...AT MY EXPENSE...well, these cost about $45 to ship..they are heavy. The new one arrived and it works great. The set up and balancing was a tedious and numbing job. Their instructions are very brief and somewhat confusing, particularly regarding the switch settings. But at the end of the ordeal...I have a great sounding subwoofer.	Subwoofers aren?t just about having ?knock down the walls? power?they?re about delivering accurate bass at lower volumes, too. With a 10-inch hybrid?woofer?and 200 watts of power, the BrandXYZ S10.3 is ideal for any home theater or stereo system. 200 watts of RMS power from the built-in amplifier gives it plenty of grunt to make the deepest bass resound. Plus, the S10.3s black ash veneer blends with most of BrandXYZ's speaker lines and looks great next to any flat panel display.
10958	Good audio, excellent noise isolation	The IM-490 and IM-490S are essentially the same. Maximo and SanDisk claim the IM-490S is specially tuned for SanDisk products, but lacking a fuller explanation, I question that. In any event, I saw these on-sale and since I was looking for a pair of very portable, good sounding earphones, took the chance. These are very stylish, made of a lightweight metal alloy and - most importantly - sound great. They use silicone earbuds and provide three sets in the package: small, medium and large. The earphones are equipped with the medium earbuds and they fit well for me, providing an excellent seal against outside noise. As it happens, there's a construction project going on across the street from me and I was able to put the Maximo earphones to a real life test. The sounds of bulldozers and pneumatic tools were greatly reduced.. Audio quality is excellent. Use the built-in equalizer on your device and the sound output is even better. The bass, of course, does not match what you'll hear from larger headphones or speakers. That's the nature of the beast and if you are a bass freak, you will be disappointed. For me, the bass was fine without additional equalization on the two devices tested. The units come with the earphones of course, a 2 foot extension cable which is a nice touch, 2 additional sets of earbuds and a case. The case with the IM-490S is semi-rigid, while the IM-490 comes with a cloth bag. Maximo also provides a limited lifetime warranty, which from other reviews, it appears they honor without delay or hassle. All in all, a nice set of earphones with good audio quality and excellent noise isolation. One note: the description here says it is a 2.5mm jack. The Maximo websites says 3.5mm. Jerry	Featuring high-fidelity 9mm neodymium drivers, a gold-plated 3.5mm stereo plug, and a unique lightweight alloy metal body that effectively delivers clear, powerful sound while providing a comfortable listening experience.
11000	Precious data can survive a house fire	I had a chance to see this product cooked at the CES2009 tradeshow in Las Vegas. Video is posted at the InfoWorld site: http://link.brightcove.com/services/link/bcpid1388789577/bclid1443717127/bctid7243044001 Very cool product and seeing was believing...we saw them snap pics of the crowd, download to the iosafe drive, dunk it into a pool, and then cook at 1300degrees F. And then brought up the pics afterwards. /brian chee	The 3.5? industry standard form factor internal disk drive is the only drive engineered to withstand fires at up to 1,400? F and survive full immersion in water. The Pilot series uses the patented FloSafe air flow vent technology that allows cooling air to pass during normal operations and automatically closes when triggered by destructives temperatures, protecting your data. Insulation is provided by proprietary DataCast endothermic insulation. Additional heat protection is provided by the pate...
11014	Netbook Size with Full-size Laptop Performance!	I have owned a Asus EEE for several months and I love its size and simplicity, but eventually the performance limitations (i.e. disk size, processor speed) wore me down and left me wanting. After researching several small-screen laptops (Flybook, Lifebook, Asus N010, & HP2310), I finally decided on the Lenovo U110. I will add some photos to this review shortly. Pros: Absolutely gorgeous style and look Intel Duo Core power Ability to run Vista even if I choose to run XP Small Footprint only 10% larger than the ASUS EEE Solid, durable construction Portable Optical Device (CD/DVD) included Netbook size without compromise Two batteries (1 large, 1 small) is great conveinience Cons: Defintiely Pricey, but you get what you pay for, I guess. Glossy keyboard produces oily fingerprints (ala iPhone) No SSD option 4200 rpm drive could be improved upon Wished all of the keys were backlit and not just the media strip	Express yourself by choosing an ultrasleek notebook with a distinct sense of style. The aluminum-alloy top cover on the IdeaPad U110 features a unique, etched surface that gives it a one-of-a-kind look and feel. Available in shiny black, like formal evening attire color. Other expressive design features on the IdeaPad U110 include: ? An innovative Frameless Screen that extends to the very edges of the top cover, like an edgeless swimming pool. 'Hidden', touch-sensitive buttons across the top of ...
11015	Lenovo U110 notebook	I have had the Lenovo U110 IdeaPad for about a month now. The notebook functions very well and I am using it for browsing, MS office, and Quickbooks. What I like: - The slim design and light weight - The large keys - The bright crisp display - Reasonable performance - Overall look and feel - Red color is nice and the Klingon looking A/V keys are kind of cool What I don't like - No TrackPoint (like the ThinkPad models) - No keyboard light (like the Thinkpad models) - No option for MS Windows Professional or Windows XP - No option for high speed disk drive - Detached but very large DVD writer - Shiny key caps always have fingerprints - Very flimsy LCD display housing - it flexes and separates when you grab it. Should have got the small ThinkPad instead. Not as cool looking but better functionality	Express yourself by choosing an ultrasleek notebook with a distinct sense of style. The aluminum-alloy top cover on the IdeaPad U110 features a unique, etched surface that gives it a one-of-a-kind look and feel. Available in shiny black, like formal evening attire color. Other expressive design features on the IdeaPad U110 include: ? An innovative Frameless Screen that extends to the very edges of the top cover, like an edgeless swimming pool. 'Hidden', touch-sensitive buttons across the top of ...
11730	Do NOT waste your $$	We thought we'd done our research, and chose to believe the positive reviews (about 50%) Big mistake. The graphics are primitive and dark, it's difficult to leave the map, do some searching and return to the map without potentially losing your route. Some common sense locations are missing or almost impossible to find: i.e., "Rest Areas"!!! The find features are cumbersome and it's difficult to guess what clues they want in order to provide the information you need. We chose to keep rather than pay a 15% restocking fee, even though we knew immediately out of the box that this was way overpriced and over stated. Our disappointment is huge, and if we could give a rating of less than one star we would. We ran it at the same time to compare with our other GPS (TomTom - also NOT recommended) and between the two, TomTom is better. The customer service people are pleasant and try, but even though we called immediately upon receipt trying to ship it right back, they wouldn't wave the restocking fee. We should have just paid it and taken the $90 hit. It would have been cheaper than keeping what I consider an inferior and highly overpriced product. But neither can even be spoken of in the same breath as our new Garmin 255W. Heads and shoulders above both. For bridge heights/trucking compatibility - wait for the Garmin 465T due out the second quarter of 2009. We will buy as soon as available for RV'g, and sell the WorldNav on ebay.	7-Inch Worldnav truck GPS with truck-routing GPS for professional truck drivers, bus drivers and RV'ers.
11016	Lenovo U110	Pros Cool sexy sleek design Light weight Nice battery life with extended battery Acceptable overall performance Plays some good games as well Strong wifi signal Screen may be glossy when off, but when on you hardly see a reflection Although might look like hard to use, I have no problems using keyboard touch pad is awesome solid build Portable Optical Device included Cons fingerprint magnet Slow startup with veriface Sometimes lags with multi-tasing jobs	Express yourself by choosing an ultrasleek notebook with a distinct sense of style. The aluminum-alloy top cover on the IdeaPad U110 features a unique, etched surface that gives it a one-of-a-kind look and feel. Available in shiny black, like formal evening attire color. Other expressive design features on the IdeaPad U110 include: ? An innovative Frameless Screen that extends to the very edges of the top cover, like an edgeless swimming pool. 'Hidden', touch-sensitive buttons across the top of ...
11017	Idea-l	Cambi? la versi?n black por la red, es un rojo met?lico padr?simo. Est? idea-l para quienes gustan de llevar su compu a todos lados. Es super ligera como cargar una libreta, cuenta con la capacidad y funcionalidad de un equipo para business, compacta pero permite visualizar perfectamente el trabajo en pantalla, la opci?n de dos bater?as ayuda a continuar sin corriente por m?s tiempo, el teclado es perfecto en tama?o y comodidad, ... idea-l. El ?nico detalle es que se quedan las huellas marcadas en el teclado.	Express yourself by choosing an ultrasleek notebook with a distinct sense of style. The aluminum-alloy top cover on the IdeaPad U110 features a unique, etched surface that gives it a one-of-a-kind look and feel. Available in shiny black, like formal evening attire color. Other expressive design features on the IdeaPad U110 include: ? An innovative Frameless Screen that extends to the very edges of the top cover, like an edgeless swimming pool. 'Hidden', touch-sensitive buttons across the top of ...
11018	Great machine	After 15 years of heavy, ugly laptops, this is a dream. After installing XP, feels fast.	Express yourself by choosing an ultrasleek notebook with a distinct sense of style. The aluminum-alloy top cover on the IdeaPad U110 features a unique, etched surface that gives it a one-of-a-kind look and feel. Available in shiny black, like formal evening attire color. Other expressive design features on the IdeaPad U110 include: ? An innovative Frameless Screen that extends to the very edges of the top cover, like an edgeless swimming pool. 'Hidden', touch-sensitive buttons across the top of ...
11019	Great Camera!	I just got this camera this week and I love it. Pros: The screen is quite viewable in bright sunlight. Dual memory support gives you a choice on which media to buy. (I'm using a Class 6 4GB micro SDHC card). 5x optical zoom (the largest I've seen in this size and price range.) The iAuto is pretty smart. The camera is easy to figure out and use. Cons: I'd like to turn off the image preview that comes up right after you take a picture. The "Smile shot" is cool, but I haven't been able to figure it out completely (I'm going to keep trying) Conclusion: I don't regret getting this camera. We're going camping in a couple of weeks and we'll see then how well this camera will work. For the most part, I'm very satisfied with this camera. 10/13/08 Took the camera camping this last week and it performed wonderfully! I was able to take pictures of whatever I wanted. I was able to get the pictures I wanted without any trouble. I played more with the smile shot and I'm getting better with it. I think it's a worthwhile feature.	Get a digital camera that is perfect for on the go. With its sleek, metal design and portable size, the BrandXYZ FE-370 packs amazing photo technology including an impressive 5x optical zoom and Dual Image Stabilization into a super-slim body. Formats JPEG, AVI Motion JPEG with Sound Movie Mode - 640x480, 320x240 Self-Timer - 12 Seconds 48MB Internal Memory Li-ion Rechargeable Battery Face Detection - Tracks up to 16 faces and automatically focuses and optimizes exposures for sharp, brilliant po...
11020	Beware of Olympus	My problem was not so much the product although it failed in only a few months of light use, it's what happened when I contacted Olympus to get the unit fixed. They sent me an email with return instructions saying to send it to Olympus America for repair. There were no cosmetic damage, not even a scratch yet Olympus refused to honor their warranty. Their reason for refusal was the very reason it was sent in for repair. They informed me by mail of the refusal and sent a bill. I contacted the 800 number on the letter only to have to leave a message. After my call was not returned I tried email. The email explained the problem, provided my contact info and requested the issue be elevated to a manager. My email response was to call the 800 number, the one where you leave a message that don't get returned. So they don't honor the warranty, sent a bill, and do not intend to discuss their decision. I will not pay for the repair when I am not at fault and the product is under warranty. I'll never buy another Olympus product and hope you heed this warning and don't either. That's right, now I am out the money for the unit, shipping to me and shipping to be repaired and no camera.	Get a digital camera that is perfect for on the go. With its sleek, metal design and portable size, the BrandXYZ FE-370 packs amazing photo technology including an impressive 5x optical zoom and Dual Image Stabilization into a super-slim body. Formats JPEG, AVI Motion JPEG with Sound Movie Mode - 640x480, 320x240 Self-Timer - 12 Seconds 48MB Internal Memory Li-ion Rechargeable Battery Face Detection - Tracks up to 16 faces and automatically focuses and optimizes exposures for sharp, brilliant po...
11021	user friendly compact point and shoot	I purchased this camera as a gift and tested it beforehand to see if it was friendly enough for a novice digital camera user. I've been using a DSLR for a while, so I've adjusted my frame of reference for this review. The camera has a good solid feel in the hand, and the view screen has good resolution and shows the image smoothly. I compared this camera to several other similar cameras in an electronics store before I bought it at amazon. The reason this one appealed the most was that the buttons don't get in the way when you're trying to take a picture. Some other cameras have wheels that stick out from the side of the camera, so it's very easy to accidentally change settings. This has well placed and simple buttons that are easy to use. They are small, but that was the case on all the other cameras of this size. The camera takes a second or two to focus, but seems to find focus consistently. The face detect doesn't work that great for moving targets (toddlers) but seemed to work okay for posing adults. Once the focus is found, fully pressing the shutter release took the picture instantly. The camera feels very responsive, but only if you focus first. The few times I pushed the shutter without focusing first, I missed the shot because it took so long to focus and take the picture. The image stabilization seems to work okay, I didn't notice a huge improvement. The digital stabilization resulted in very poor image quality, so I turned that off. I found that the pictures turned out much better with flash instead. The picture quality is very good in broad daylight, but the pictures start getting fuzzy when the lighting is not so good. It seemed the picture quality is about average. The pictures are a bit distorted at wide angles, but I think that is expected at this level of camera. Overall, I would recommend this camera as a fun point and shoot camera that is easy to use and looks and feels nice.	Get a digital camera that is perfect for on the go. With its sleek, metal design and portable size, the BrandXYZ FE-370 packs amazing photo technology including an impressive 5x optical zoom and Dual Image Stabilization into a super-slim body. Formats JPEG, AVI Motion JPEG with Sound Movie Mode - 640x480, 320x240 Self-Timer - 12 Seconds 48MB Internal Memory Li-ion Rechargeable Battery Face Detection - Tracks up to 16 faces and automatically focuses and optimizes exposures for sharp, brilliant po...
13933	Outstanding Binoculars	The Vixen Forest 8x42 binocular is a very well made instrument. Solid feel evinces quality build. Triplet objectives deliver outstanding sharpness with no color fringes (chromatic abberations CA). Very wide field, sharp to across 75% of field, and very acceptable to the edge. Color and contrast are excellent, providing a Wow! when you first look through these marvelous binoculars. They are very bright... in fact, they kick the pants off any similar roof prism binocular in this price range that I have tried. They handle very well, are lightweight, and comfortable in the hands. More than ample eye relief. I wear glasses and have to crank out the twist-up eyecups a notch. Nice quality case provided. As usual, raincover and objective caps leave a little to be desired, but they are workable. I would recommend this binocular to anyone, especially birders, and it is no slouch for light duty astronomical observations. A great buy. Don't hesitate.	The Foresta Binocular Series features lightweight and durable die-cast bodies made of aluminum encased in a rubber armored housing. Each optical system is nitrogen filled to help eliminate dewing and is fully waterproof. All air-to-glass surfaces are multicoated for maximum light transmission and contrast. A unique hinge-lock allows you to return the inter-pupillary distance to a preset position. An outdoor hiking-style carrying case is included, along with lens caps and straps.
11024	Horrible indoor pictures	This camera is ok for outdoor pictures or very well lit indoor pictures but if it is even a little dark forget it. I took some pictures with it at a wedding and 90% were blurry for no reason, even pictures of still objects also came out blurry. The battery life is absolutely terrible I only got about 60 shots on the rechargeable battery which is not enough for anything. Don't buy there are many better cameras then this.	Get a digital camera that is perfect for on the go. With its sleek, metal design and portable size, the BrandXYZ FE-370 packs amazing photo technology including an impressive 5x optical zoom and Dual Image Stabilization into a super-slim body. Formats JPEG, AVI Motion JPEG with Sound Movie Mode - 640x480, 320x240 Self-Timer - 12 Seconds 48MB Internal Memory Li-ion Rechargeable Battery Face Detection - Tracks up to 16 faces and automatically focuses and optimizes exposures for sharp, brilliant po...
11026	Poor Battery/Charger	My husband and I received the Olympus fe-370 camera for Christmas in anticipation of our new baby this summer. The camera worked great the first time we charged the battery. Then we went on vacation and took the camera with us. After we got there, we went to charge it, and the charger would work for a short time then die long before the battery was fully charged. We'd pull it out and replug it in again, and it would start to charge then promptly die again. So we were not able to take any photos on our vacation. When we returned home I called Olympus, and they sent me a new charger. This new charger did the same thing! So we ordered a new battery thinking this might be the problem instead. The same problem occurred with the new charger and new battery. We have noticed this trend, when the charger is first plugged in, it will start charging right away and will work for a good 5-10 min before shutting off. If we pull it out and wait 10 seconds or so to start charging it again, it will shut off much sooner. If we plug it in immediately it won't even start charging. We are calling Olympus again tomorrow to find out what our options are. At this point it looks like we might just have to go with a new camera system entirely. It's a shame too as the camera itself seemed to work great. :(	Get a digital camera that is perfect for on the go. With its sleek, metal design and portable size, the BrandXYZ FE-370 packs amazing photo technology including an impressive 5x optical zoom and Dual Image Stabilization into a super-slim body. Formats JPEG, AVI Motion JPEG with Sound Movie Mode - 640x480, 320x240 Self-Timer - 12 Seconds 48MB Internal Memory Li-ion Rechargeable Battery Face Detection - Tracks up to 16 faces and automatically focuses and optimizes exposures for sharp, brilliant po...
11029	Exceeded My Expectations	If you're looking for a light weight, compact camera that takes great pictures and is easy to use; then the FE370 is for you. I bought this camera to take the place of my Camedia C-2100 Ultra Zoom since I was going to Washington DC for the Presidential Inaugural, and wanted a smaller camera that would fit in my pocket. The large monitor, 5x optical zoom and 8mp are genius. Lastly, the FE370 captures vivid images and has lots of shooting options. As a dedicated Olympus customer, the FE370 lives up to the picture quality and multi-functionality that I expect from an Olympus camera.	Get a digital camera that is perfect for on the go. With its sleek, metal design and portable size, the BrandXYZ FE-370 packs amazing photo technology including an impressive 5x optical zoom and Dual Image Stabilization into a super-slim body. Formats JPEG, AVI Motion JPEG with Sound Movie Mode - 640x480, 320x240 Self-Timer - 12 Seconds 48MB Internal Memory Li-ion Rechargeable Battery Face Detection - Tracks up to 16 faces and automatically focuses and optimizes exposures for sharp, brilliant po...
11036	Great little camera	Took it to the Aquarium this week. Even in low light conditions with no flash I was able to capture perfect images of Jellyfish and seahorses behind glass. The guide and scene modes are excellent, especially for those who do not know what f stops and ISO numbers mean. Perfect Macro modes, very detailed shots at 1 inch. I put a 4GB card in it and can shoot 2 hours of VGA video with sound. The videos aren't bad either. Great easy to use camera.	Get a digital camera that is perfect for on the go. With its sleek, metal design and portable size, the BrandXYZ FE-370 packs amazing photo technology including an impressive 5x optical zoom and Dual Image Stabilization into a super-slim body. Formats JPEG, AVI Motion JPEG with Sound Movie Mode - 640x480, 320x240 Self-Timer - 12 Seconds 48MB Internal Memory Li-ion Rechargeable Battery Face Detection - Tracks up to 16 faces and automatically focuses and optimizes exposures for sharp, brilliant po...
11037	Geaat Camera	I found this camera provides excellent pictures and ease of use. I am just leaning to use it more and more. I have found two issues that are annoying The camera does not maintain the reduce red-eye when you switch modes. Also when taking flash pictures indoors there is a 2 sec delay from depressing button until picture is taken. Miss allot of shots.	Get a digital camera that is perfect for on the go. With its sleek, metal design and portable size, the BrandXYZ FE-370 packs amazing photo technology including an impressive 5x optical zoom and Dual Image Stabilization into a super-slim body. Formats JPEG, AVI Motion JPEG with Sound Movie Mode - 640x480, 320x240 Self-Timer - 12 Seconds 48MB Internal Memory Li-ion Rechargeable Battery Face Detection - Tracks up to 16 faces and automatically focuses and optimizes exposures for sharp, brilliant po...
11040	fe-370 is great point-n-shoot with extra features	I use this camera for mostly baby pics and it's great for that. The portrait mode really helps get better face shots. It has great "options" settings for those that have used SLR's but looking for a good poin-n-shoot you will like this camera. YOu have choice of zoom effects/strength like macro; exposure effect; color effect - such as to compensate for fluorescent lights or extra cyan; Scene is easier to use - You scroll thru a menu for settings like fireworks, candlelight setting; sunset; self-portrait, etc. These really help the photo look nice - and it's less fuss than my old SLR!! I just realized by reading other reviews the "smile shot" tracker - that sounds great for baby shots. It also has panoramic setting that I've heard is great also. BE SURE to get the correct memory card - these are xD..I have M+ 2GB capacity and very pleased. Only minor "con" is after you snap picture, it appears on screen for like 3 secs, so there's delay if you want to take multiple shots in a row...maybe i can change that and need to read owners' manual?! Great camera!	Get a digital camera that is perfect for on the go. With its sleek, metal design and portable size, the BrandXYZ FE-370 packs amazing photo technology including an impressive 5x optical zoom and Dual Image Stabilization into a super-slim body. Formats JPEG, AVI Motion JPEG with Sound Movie Mode - 640x480, 320x240 Self-Timer - 12 Seconds 48MB Internal Memory Li-ion Rechargeable Battery Face Detection - Tracks up to 16 faces and automatically focuses and optimizes exposures for sharp, brilliant po...
11059	Olympus FE370 digital camera	The FE370 is a great value (quality Vs price) It is very attractive, compact, easy to use and performs according what was advertised. A good buy.	Get a digital camera that is perfect for on the go. With its sleek, metal design and portable size, the BrandXYZ FE-370 packs amazing photo technology including an impressive 5x optical zoom and Dual Image Stabilization into a super-slim body. Formats JPEG, AVI Motion JPEG with Sound Movie Mode - 640x480, 320x240 Self-Timer - 12 Seconds 48MB Internal Memory Li-ion Rechargeable Battery Face Detection - Tracks up to 16 faces and automatically focuses and optimizes exposures for sharp, brilliant po...
11076	I like this case...	Well, I have been wanting to replace my old worn out desktop, and home made NAS unit with an updated system that I can use to work with my Home Theater, as well as a family system to browse the internet, kids can do homework on etc. There arn't much out there for people that like a desktop platform. Everything is towers, mid towers etc. I ran across this case, and I am pleased for the most part. The only issue I have, is that I did have to do some modifying on it to work with my chosen mother board. I wanted a system that I could also do some gaming on, but not really a power gamer. I got a board that could use core 2, as well as quad core in case I wanted more power later. This case claims to support full ATX boards, which it does hold, but the included power supply does not provide an 8 pin CPU power connector. All it has is a 4 pin CPU connector. I used it on my core 2 duo, and it does work fine, but noticed in the Bios that only one of the cores were powered and working. This was, I assumed because only one rail was getting power due to the 4 pin connector instead of the correct 8 pin. I guess if I wanted to run like that, it would have done fine, but I bought a core 2 duo, so wanted the full core 2 duo power. I opted on an PCI-E NVedia graphics card that fortunatly does not require additional power, and noticed that the power supply does provide a 6 pin PCI-E connector. Hmm.. I didn't need that for my graphics adapter, and found that it had 3 12V leads, and 3 Gnd leads. My processor power needed two more 12V and 2 more gnds, to run the 2nd rail, so I just got an 8 pin Molex connector, cut the 4 pin CPU connector off, and used the power from it to power one rail. Cut off the PCI-E 6 pin connector and used 2 of those 12V and 2 of the grounds to finish the power for the CPUs in the new 8 Pin Molex connector. Guess what? Now, my power supply has an 8 pin CPU power, and the bios now shows both rails powered up and operating. Yeeppii.. But, the fact that I had to void warrantees, and have some soldering skills as well as computer hardware skills to use the box like I wanted to. If you are not comfortable with doing that, then you would need to purchase a new power supply that does have the proper connections to replace the one that comes with this case. But, other than that, I do really like this case. It looks good, and will look good with my home theater components, it has nice cooling, even tho I added a 120mm additional fan in mine. The case has provisions to add up to two additional 120mm fans. Kinda cramped in there, but, that is the trade off for something not as large as a full tower. It has provisions for 2 3.5" drives. I put a 1TB, and a 500GB drive, but if you plan to have a 3.5" floppy in it, that will take one of those spaces. I opted not to use a floppy drive. It has two full bays for CD Rom, or full sized drives, or adapters to put another 3.5" drive in that spot. By the way, another cool feature, is, if you choose not to use one, or two of the additional fan locations, it has holes there also where you can mount additional drives. That was nice I think.. Anyway, this is a nice case, for a reasonable price. I would recommend it with that CPU power connector situation in mind. I will add to the review if things change..	Marketing description is not available.
11077	Very attractive and useful HTPC case	I actually now have two HTPCs that are housed in this case. One of the cases I got from TigerDirect and the other was custom built by a local shop who ordered it from an unknown place. These cases are perfect for a rack full of components that are meant to look like a home stereo rather than a PC. Both of my systems use a Quad Core Intel CPU and ATX motherboards, one a Gigabyte and the other an ASUS. The 4-pin problem can be solved with an adapter on New Egg specfically for Apevia, but for some reason BOTH of my cases came with the newer 24-pin connectors. I'm mentioning this because I think maybe Apevia has changed this connector recently. And Apevia's connector's are all nice and bound so they're easy to connect to the proper places. And if the wires are run properly, everything looks nice and neat inside (a friend built one of mine and he did better with this than the people who charged me for it; he ran most wires UNDER the motherboard, which is fantastic looking). The 3.5" external slot is hard to get to once you have the two 5.25" drives in. I am using two DVD drives (one Blu-Ray/HD-DVD and one DVD-RW) and a card reader in the 3.5". As the other reviewer states, this means only one spot left for a hard drive. Mine are 1TB, but if you want RAID you simply can't use a card reader in that 3.5" spot. The blue fans on the back look great as well. and the case fit and finish on both of mine were perfect. I did however receive one case with a dent on top (from the computer store), but I don't know if the computer people did this or it came like that. I do know it's a little sensitive to dents. I was able to easily bang most of the dent out, but it isn't perfect obviously. It is possible, I think, for this to have been made by an elbow leaning on the case. It's the right shape and the case top is a bit soft/bendable. All in all, I think this case is perfect for MY uses, but I can see where the power supply position could prevent a user with tons of PCI and PCIe cards from being able to install everything. Als, the lack of more 3.5" spots is somewhat of a weakness. Otherwise, this case is just about perfect. (Also note that there's a neat Desktop Gadget for Vista or Win7 called CPU Meter which displays all cores and how they are performing. This is how I know all 4 cores in my machines are working well. It also displays the RAM usage.)	Marketing description is not available.
11078	Could It Get Any Prettier?	I think Antec hired the same company that does packaging for Apple to package this power supply. If what's inside the box was garbage, the packaging wouldn't matter - but this is one solid huge well built power supply. The box - there's a black cardboard/paper sleeve. You slide that off to reveal a black box top and bottom with a yellow box in between. Take off the top and you are greeted with a black cardboard insert with a real live signed by a human being performance print out. Under that is the power supply in a double looped cardboard and foam box. Lift that box out and there's another cardboard card that covers the modular connectors. All neat, tidy, packaged with just the right amount of materials to keep this whole unit well protected. The supply itself. This thing is so pretty, I almost want to have it on display. The black paint is beautiful. Actually I'd guess this supply would work great with the Antec Spider "enclosure". You can also feel the quality in the weight, this is a heavy PSU. Cabling - the fundamental important cables are hard wired to the PSU. Wrapping is done with black nylon mesh where the loose ends are capped with a big plastic ring that should never come off (no wire ties, no sad crimping). Antec was smart about cable separation, so you should be able to route the wires cleanly inside your case. The built in wires are standard motherboard wires (24 pin, 4 and 8 pin); 2 PCI-e 8 pin; 3 Molex; and 3 SATA. Probably just the right number of connectors for most installs. There are 4 more modular sockets 2 for more PCI-e 8 pin connectors; and then more Molex / SATA connectors. The supply comes with additional modular cables: 2 x 3 Molex connectors; 2 x 3 SATA connectors; and 2 PCI-e connectors. So this PSU could provide power for a ton of fans, a big old load of IDE / SATA hard drives (9 of each), and 4 video cards (or 2 that require dual PCI-e connectors). If you've read this far, you are interested in this PSU. Please do yourself a favor, and don't just take my word for the quality of this PSU; type exactly this in google and read the first link: jonnyguru antec signature 850. You will be very very happy you did that, and you will be very happy you purchased this PSU. It fit perfectly in my Antec P182 case. And it is very quiet when running. There are fancier, flashier PSU's. Antec took the silent strong approach to this PSU.	Designed to appeal to system builders looking for a truly premium power supply, the Signature 850 boasts many cutting-edge features, several of which have never before been offered in a consumer power supply. The Signature 850 features DC to DC voltage regulator modules which ensure greater system stability, and an 80mm Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) fan which can run quieter than standard fans. Not only does the Signature 850 deliver in stability, reliability, and quiet cooling, it also passes 80...
11079	Antec does it again!!	I knew sticking with Antec would be in my best interest and once again, I'm not being let down. This PSU is whisper quiet, provides a ton of constant clean power to all of my devices (and I have a TON) and it looks nice and clean sitting in my case. All of my old gaming machines have Antec PSU's in them and they still work great. I know I will get a long life out of this new Signature 850 and from what I have seen thus far, I highly recommend it!	Designed to appeal to system builders looking for a truly premium power supply, the Signature 850 boasts many cutting-edge features, several of which have never before been offered in a consumer power supply. The Signature 850 features DC to DC voltage regulator modules which ensure greater system stability, and an 80mm Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) fan which can run quieter than standard fans. Not only does the Signature 850 deliver in stability, reliability, and quiet cooling, it also passes 80...
11080	Outstanding performer	I have a brand new Dell Studio XPS 435- the Dell power supply could not handle the transients during a switch from house power to UPS power. Two Dell power supplies and two motherboards later, Dell could not provide any other solution - so I installed the Antec and have not had a single problem since. This is a high quality power supply that I most strongly recommend to anyone.	Designed to appeal to system builders looking for a truly premium power supply, the Signature 850 boasts many cutting-edge features, several of which have never before been offered in a consumer power supply. The Signature 850 features DC to DC voltage regulator modules which ensure greater system stability, and an 80mm Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) fan which can run quieter than standard fans. Not only does the Signature 850 deliver in stability, reliability, and quiet cooling, it also passes 80...
11081	Great Power Supply	I've been using Antec PSU's for several years starting with the 350W to this 850W. Antec Signature Series specifically the 850W PSU is the best PSU I've owned. This PSU is extremely quite and provides the necessary power to run my computer with Nvidia 260's in SLI and the rest of my accessories with power to spare. Great PSU.	Designed to appeal to system builders looking for a truly premium power supply, the Signature 850 boasts many cutting-edge features, several of which have never before been offered in a consumer power supply. The Signature 850 features DC to DC voltage regulator modules which ensure greater system stability, and an 80mm Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) fan which can run quieter than standard fans. Not only does the Signature 850 deliver in stability, reliability, and quiet cooling, it also passes 80...
11082	Very Quiet	No disappointments. Very quiet and well built. Excellent workmanship from the packaging to the PSU. Highly recommended.	Designed to appeal to system builders looking for a truly premium power supply, the Signature 850 boasts many cutting-edge features, several of which have never before been offered in a consumer power supply. The Signature 850 features DC to DC voltage regulator modules which ensure greater system stability, and an 80mm Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) fan which can run quieter than standard fans. Not only does the Signature 850 deliver in stability, reliability, and quiet cooling, it also passes 80...
11083	Rock solid great performance.	This is a replacement for D-Link DIR-655 which is not stable under heavy load and will hang up from time to time. This router performs very well under the same circumstances. Straightforward web page which I think is a plus. 3COM provides networking products to business users and their home products are in same high quality in my opinion.	With wireless speeds of up to 300 Mbps, the BrandXYZ Wireless 11n Cable/DSL Firewall Router - compliant with the IEEE 802.11n draft 2.0 standard and Wi-Fi CERTIFIED - is able to handle high-bandwidth applications confidently. IP Quality of Service (QoS) helps ensure that critical time-sensitive traffic gets the priority needed for quality communications.This .11n router delivers significant wireless speed and range improvements over IEEE 802.11g. Its robust and high-speed routing engine and secu...
11085	Very much dependent on the wiring - poor speed in my trial.	Encouraged by positive reviews, I tried using these to connect two Airport Extreme Base Stations (AEBS) separated by one floor and about 60 feet apart. The AEBSs were set up extend a 802.11n network wirelessly. Connecting them using these powerline adapters made the speed to drop considerably. I tested transferring a 200 MB file: with AEBSs connected wirelessly the transfer rate was about 13Mbs; with powerline adapters it dropped to 2-3Mbs. I concluded that the wiring inside the house is not suitable for using this technology. Otherwise, the product seems to be a polished product with easy setup.	Amazon.com Product Description If you need an ultra-high-speed network connection in the farthest reaches of your home, the BrandXYZ Powerline AV Starter Kit is just what you've been looking for. This kit includes everything you need to create a reliable, high-speed home network providing data speeds of up to 200 Mbps using your house's existing electrical wiring. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { ...
11086	These little black boxes will change your life :)	I was so hesitant to try powerline ethernet, but I am so glad I did. Unpacking the box of contents took longer than the setup itself. It's so easy to setup this little Belkin Powerline AV adaptor. Just plug both adaptors into their respective walls, one cable to your computer, one cable to your router and voila! instant broadband at speeds equal to what I get with my computer directly plugged into the router. I ran the broadband speed test at www.speedtest.net to confirm this. My wife uses the PC downstairs and our apartment is about 2000 square feet. The cable modem is located upstairs at the opposite end of the house. My wireless G router would not reach downstairs, so I wasn't confident that an expensive N router would improve things. If you have any doubts about trying powerline ethernet, with this little Belkin you can put them to rest. I believe that with any normal use of the product (believe it or not, some people use these things over multiple apartments in the same building or neighboring buildings) you will be much happier than with some of the wireless solutions. I currently live in Spain and my broadband provider is ONO. On average we get 18Mbit to 20Mbit downloads and 500Kbps to 1Mbit uploads with ping times around 30-45ms...it's very fast, and I'm impressed this Belkin can keep up with what I'm paying for. With wireless G, I was only getting at most around 6Mbit downloads---so, you can see that wifi can drop your internet speeds significantly... Hope this helps...	Amazon.com Product Description If you need an ultra-high-speed network connection in the farthest reaches of your home, the BrandXYZ Powerline AV Starter Kit is just what you've been looking for. This kit includes everything you need to create a reliable, high-speed home network providing data speeds of up to 200 Mbps using your house's existing electrical wiring. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { ...
11125	Hyundai 22" Monitor	I was looking to upgrade my old crt monitor and did a lot of reading and research. I ended up getting the Hyundai W220D 22". It is an awesome monitor for the money. The color is great and after using an Eye One calibrator on it (only made minor changes) what I see on screen is what I get on my printer. Great purchase. Would buy Hyundai again.	BrandXYZ's 22-Inch Wide LCD Monitor, 1680x1050, 2ms, 2000:1(DCR), HDMI/DVI/Analog, Speakers (3Wx2), Tilt/Swivel/Height/Pivot Stand, VESA 100x100mm Power Cable, Audio Cable, Analog/DVI Cable, CD User's Manual
11087	Belkin 200 Mbps Powerline	This is a very cool product. If you currently have long Cat 5 cable runs on the floor this device fixes that. There is no set up. Plugged both adapters into my 120 outlets, waited a couple of minutes for them to find each other and then I plugged my router into on adapter, my laptop into the other across the room. My laptop just felt it was part of my home network. laptop is running at 100 Mbps, much faster then it was using wireless. I even plugged a hub into the adapter near my laptop and when I work from home have two laptops running with no drop in network performance. Currently use IP phones on my work computer and there is no interference caused by the devices. This device added my much flexibility to my home network.	Amazon.com Product Description If you need an ultra-high-speed network connection in the farthest reaches of your home, the BrandXYZ Powerline AV Starter Kit is just what you've been looking for. This kit includes everything you need to create a reliable, high-speed home network providing data speeds of up to 200 Mbps using your house's existing electrical wiring. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { ...
14904	Unreal footage	Great product for the price. I used it on my surfboard for a trip to Nicaragua and then at home on my motocross helmet. I highly suggest for any action sport.	The Surf HERO is a quick release board-mountable mini digital camera. Shoot 56 minutes of video with sound or 5 megapixel photos automatically for over an hour while you surf. Waterproof to 100 ft. Also comes with oversized stick-on mount for extreme surfing, kayakying etc. Mega holding power. Included are a stick-on baseplate and FCS compatible plug mounting system. Both systems allow the camera to be quickly attached and removed from your surfboard.
14941	Love it!	I love this bag! The color is beautiful...classy. I had a big roller bag before this. I love that it is compact and I can just grab my laptop and charger and go -almost like a purse!	Built's Wide Laptop Portfolio is sleek and elegant. It will accommodate most 15.4-Inch notebooks. It streamlines the transport of your laptop. It?s composed of extra-thick durable neoprene, which will provide maximum protection for your notebook. With its unique bone shape, it conforms to the size of your computer and creates an instant, built-in bumper system for extra protection. It features BrandXYZ?s exclusive Shark Gill Grips, on the sides, for sure and secure gripping and handling. Carry u...
11088	Problem solved!	I recently bought a Playstation 3 for my HDTV which is in the living room downstairs. There is no RJ-45 jack downstairs near my HDTV, so I thought maybe the wireless card on the PS3 would be enough to handle my networking needs. Boy, was I wrong! The wireless on the PS3 was dead slow. I thought about getting a 60ft Cat5 cable and running down the stairs, but that would've been too ugly, so I decided to give the Belkin 200 Powerline a try. That was the best thing I could've done. Steady connections and way faster than wireless. Games download in a flash, video conversations are seamless. Setup was a breeze too...just plug and play! The price is a bit on the high side, but it is totally worth it.	Amazon.com Product Description If you need an ultra-high-speed network connection in the farthest reaches of your home, the BrandXYZ Powerline AV Starter Kit is just what you've been looking for. This kit includes everything you need to create a reliable, high-speed home network providing data speeds of up to 200 Mbps using your house's existing electrical wiring. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { ...
18801	It works great	What a great video player! Ordered the Roku player on a Monday and got it on a Saturday. Took less than 1/2 hour to get it up and running. Great directions easy to read!! I set up the player wireless. Took 5 mins to update. Netflix worked great. Have had a few shows take 20 secs to buffer but not every show. Just take your time read the directions and it will work great. Netflix just needs to get more shows on instant queue.	With Wi-Fi and High Definition playback capability built-in, BrandXYZ HD Player is the easiest way to stream top-quality instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The best-selling HD Player has everything you need to start enjoying endless entertainment from the comfort of your couch. No wonder it's Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FREE music from...
18810	Good but aggravating reboot	I like the way it works, but it seems that I have to disconnect the power source every time I change channels or try to us the Roku Digital Video Player. It would be better if it had an "on" and "off" switch.	With Wi-Fi and High Definition playback capability built-in, BrandXYZ HD Player is the easiest way to stream top-quality instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The best-selling HD Player has everything you need to start enjoying endless entertainment from the comfort of your couch. No wonder it's Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FREE music from...
11089	Best on the Market	I reviewed all the current "Powerline Adapters" and this was reviewed to be the best. After receiving the unit, setup was very easy and I could not notice a difference in speed to my hardwired high-speed cable internet service. It is fast enough to stream video without a problem. A great piece of engineering.	Amazon.com Product Description If you need an ultra-high-speed network connection in the farthest reaches of your home, the BrandXYZ Powerline AV Starter Kit is just what you've been looking for. This kit includes everything you need to create a reliable, high-speed home network providing data speeds of up to 200 Mbps using your house's existing electrical wiring. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { ...
11126	Best bang for the buck	This is my third 22 inch monitor after having tried out a Viewsonic and a Samsung both in TN panels. This one is a TN too and for much less money I am getting similar if not superior results. Color reproduction is very good based on differences I see between what's on the screen and what the laser color printer churns out. Viewing angles are not that great, even if you can still see things clearly from the sides and above but not with the right colors. The screen pivots in almost every conceivable direction which is a rare feat at this price. Overall picture quality is superb. Very beautiful colors, excellent contrast. Actually contrast and color is what struck me the most coming from my previous Viewsonic and Samsung. Also, the "out of the box" default setting is actually very good whereas I had to manually adjust my previous monitors to get the best results out of them. The pixel count at 1680 x 1050 is a great choice for that size. Full HD at 22 inches makes everything too tiny to my taste. The OSD is ok and offers a wide variety of adjustments but the touch sensitive buttons are a bit fiddly. All in all, I am extremely satisfied with this monitor and could not ask more for about 200$.	BrandXYZ's 22-Inch Wide LCD Monitor, 1680x1050, 2ms, 2000:1(DCR), HDMI/DVI/Analog, Speakers (3Wx2), Tilt/Swivel/Height/Pivot Stand, VESA 100x100mm Power Cable, Audio Cable, Analog/DVI Cable, CD User's Manual
11329	Heavy duty name,but light duty construction	I purchase this micro shredder for security. The shredder work well in the shredding category,but the over all construction is very fragile.The first universal shredder I received had broken brackets that held the shredder head to the base,Of course the shredder didn't work.I would really think twice if I would buy another Universal Brand shredder. I contacted Best Source Sationary and they sent me a new UNV38103 and picked up the defective shredder at no cost to me.	Features a separate slot for CDs, taking care of all your shredding needs. Durable steel cutters easily handle credit cards, paper clips, and staples. Auto start/stop ensures quick and simple operation. Overload/overheat protection prevents damage to machine. Bin-full indicator lets you know when it's time to take out the trash. Super quiet operation performs tough jobs without the noise. Manufacturer's limited one-year warranty.
11090	Works much better than I expected	I've been using this product for over a week and it works much better than I expected it to work. I am getting somewhere between 80Mbs and 100 Mbs in my condominium, with power wiring route back through the panelboard between opposite ends of the grid. I'm also running the ethernet connections through RJ45 suppression ports on TrippLite 100Bt units at each end (with no discernable effect on thru-put). Later, I plan on trying a surge suppression set up where the Belkin units will be connected to the wiring grid (outlets) through a surge suppressor there, instead of supressing at the ethernet cabling.	Amazon.com Product Description If you need an ultra-high-speed network connection in the farthest reaches of your home, the BrandXYZ Powerline AV Starter Kit is just what you've been looking for. This kit includes everything you need to create a reliable, high-speed home network providing data speeds of up to 200 Mbps using your house's existing electrical wiring. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { ...
4038	Works just like I wanted and expected	This product works exactly like I wanted and expected it to. It works for my bluetooth MP3 player and allows me to play my music and change the stations from across the room. Considering that at the time of my purchase there wasn't a lot to select from regarding bluetooth accessories to connect to receivers...this one does everything as promised.	The YBA-10 Bluetooth Wireless Audio Receiver docks to the receiver and supports A2DP audio streaming, so users can enjoy music wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones, Windows PCs and Macs.
4039	Almost Flawless	I hooked this up to my Yamaha RX-V663, no problem setup. I'm using an iPod Touch with the Sony Bluetooth adapter. I needed the manual for the receiver to pair the devices, but after that it works like a champ. I knocked one-half star off my review because they should let you use this as a wired iPod dock as well. From the looks of this device, I suspect they just modified the Yamaha iPod dock and soldered a Bluetooth adapter on it. When friends bring over their iPods and we want to listen to their music on my stereo, we have to fool around with the bluetooth adapter. The Yamaha receivers only have 1 dock port, so I'm out of luck. I knocked another half-star off because I couldn't get my cell phone to work with it. I wanted to be able to plug a mic into the receiver and use it as a handsfree for phone calls. The phone and adapter would pair no problem, but I couldn't get any audio out of the receiver. Maybe I am doing something wrong, but I couldn't get it to work, so I'm knocking off another half star. Overall this is a good device.	The YBA-10 Bluetooth Wireless Audio Receiver docks to the receiver and supports A2DP audio streaming, so users can enjoy music wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones, Windows PCs and Macs.
11091	Look for Belkin's newer model instead	This is an excellent device, providing a fast ethernet connection where wireless won't work. But Belkin has recently introduced a new model (Number F5D4076), which it calls the "Gigabit" Powerline Adapter, that it claims extends the maximum theoretical rate from 200 Mbps to 1000 Mbps. Because the new models are based on Homeplug Av, they will be compatible with this and other Homeplug AV adapters. (Not sure if mixing these will slow down the overall performance of the Homeplug network, though.) New model is sold as a "starter kit" containing two adapters, for roughly the same price that one of this model is selling for. Note that F5D4076 doesn't seem to be available on amazon as of this writing, but I'd expect it to appear here soon, as F5D4076 is available elsewhere.	Amazon.com Product Description If you need an ultra-high-speed network connection in the farthest reaches of your home, the BrandXYZ Powerline AV Starter Kit is just what you've been looking for. This kit includes everything you need to create a reliable, high-speed home network providing data speeds of up to 200 Mbps using your house's existing electrical wiring. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { ...
15293	my pics are always in focus now	I migrated this summer, from a Fuji FinePix to this Kodak M380. What a difference! Seemingly unlimited battery and storage (I installed an 8gb card). It's user friendly, in that there's help text available on it's very large display. Plus, the auto picture taking capability really works - you don't have to select the proper mode - it does it for you. It's focus and blurring reduction features haved smitten me. Focus use to be my buggaboo - but no more. All my pics are in focus now. The only drawback is the display becomes dim in extremely bright light - such as you might find in the Salt Flats (think cloudless sky, and white reflective salt for miles around, and sun, and sun and sun). But, the pics I took there this summer all came out well anyway - see for yourself - right here ... [...]. I love this little camera. I can depend on the battery always being ready. I can depend on it being ready to store more pictures. And I can depend on it taking perfect shots. You know, I tried taking shots out the side windows of moving cars - and it did that without blurring either.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M380 digital camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style - and with BrandXYZ's innovative smart capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.The M380 is part of the BrandXYZ EASYSHARE system, so sharing your pictures is amazingly simple. Just press share.
15294	Good camera!	Exactly what I needed. A small camera with a decent 5X zoom and great picture quality. Very large viewing screen. Would like to have site glass for when taking pictures outside. Glare on screen can be bad. Overall it has taken great pictures and it is portable enough to fit easily into your pocket.	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M380 digital camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style - and with BrandXYZ's innovative smart capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.The M380 is part of the BrandXYZ EASYSHARE system, so sharing your pictures is amazingly simple. Just press share.
11092	wireless keyboard and mouse interference	Very easy to use, plugged in at one end of the house, ran to the other and plugged in the second unit and then a couple of ether cables and it worked. On the second plug in, the status light was red, so I moved it to another outlet, status changed to blue meaning all was well. Unfortunately, these units caused interference with the wireless mice and wireless keyboards on both computers (at each end of the house). It took a while to figure out, but a complete pain, so I sold the units to my friend to use with his xBox.	Amazon.com Product Description If you need an ultra-high-speed network connection in the farthest reaches of your home, the BrandXYZ Powerline AV Starter Kit is just what you've been looking for. This kit includes everything you need to create a reliable, high-speed home network providing data speeds of up to 200 Mbps using your house's existing electrical wiring. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { ...
11121	As much fun as coal in your stocking...	I received the 8GB X-Fi as an early Christmas present and was excited to get it. Sleek enough and (supposedly) functional enough (music, videos, radio, voice recording) to make me seriously contemplate leaving the old iPod behind. Unfortunately, even after doing the available firmware upgrade, the player would randomly lock up. Sometimes when navigating between songs, sometimes in the middle of a song, sometimes in the middle of a reboot. When it locks up you need to reset it and when you reset it, it rebuilds your entire database. I've tried re-formatting and reinstalling the firmware, but it keeps locking up. At least 15 times in the last 3 days. It's pretty...but as buggy as it is...it's as much fun as piece of coal in your stocking.	Experience your MP3 music as the artist originally intended with BrandXYZ ZEN X-Fi - the first MP3 player to restore the quality of compressed music with award-winning X-Fi Xtreme Fidelity Audio technology.Indulge in rich audio where you can hear your music in crystal clear clarity. Take in guitar strumming, crisp cymbal clashes and deep pounding bass as detail lost during file compression are now beautifully restored. The built-in X-Fi technology intelligently moves a conventional left/right ea...
11122	MP3 Creative Zen	The seller sold this to someone else or took it out of the listing. I did not get this item. There is nothing for me to review.	Experience your MP3 music as the artist originally intended with BrandXYZ ZEN X-Fi - the first MP3 player to restore the quality of compressed music with award-winning X-Fi Xtreme Fidelity Audio technology.Indulge in rich audio where you can hear your music in crystal clear clarity. Take in guitar strumming, crisp cymbal clashes and deep pounding bass as detail lost during file compression are now beautifully restored. The built-in X-Fi technology intelligently moves a conventional left/right ea...
11094	Caution!!!!	Ok. This product has the same problem that X10 and Homeplug have. It works sometimes and sometimes doesn't depending on the state of your house wiring. Example: I plugged it in near my ethernet switch and connected it and no problems. Then I connected the other plug-in in another room where my son's xbox is. Worked great. Son comes home, goes to use it. "Dad, the network is down". Hmm. Worked 2 hours ago fine. Figured out that BECAUSE THE CLOTHES DRYER was on, it was killing the network. So I moved it to an isolated circuit, which I know is isolated because I added it in the past. Worked fine there but that is so far from the tv I will have to go get an extra long ethernet cable. Bottom line, when it works it works well but getting it to keep working is going to be a challenge. I think I am going to go back to wireless repeaters and not have to fool with the power line stuff. It is maddening.	Amazon.com Product Description If you need an ultra-high-speed network connection in the farthest reaches of your home, the BrandXYZ Powerline AV Starter Kit is just what you've been looking for. This kit includes everything you need to create a reliable, high-speed home network providing data speeds of up to 200 Mbps using your house's existing electrical wiring. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { ...
15297	Disappointed!!	I bought this M380, since I have had a previous Kodak camera that is a 5mp that I loved. I wanted to upgrade to a 10mp and 3"LCD. I love the 5x zoom lens. I love the color purple. Very nice & compact. Perfect fit. It takes great close up pictures outside or when the lighting is perfect , especially with that nice 5x zoom. I go inside to take pictures and the lighting is ok. The subject turns out with a black background. I try different modes, which don't help. I love the idea of having the dial to get to your desired mode quickly. The menu is awesome and easy to use. But you need to take so many pictures to get one good one, and sometimes you don't get a good one. At night, sometimes the pics turn out too dark, and the flash went off or you were in the night mode. I want a camera that takes great pictures on the first shot. This is not that one. I was very bummed! Very surprised at Kodak who put this on the market to sell! You will definitely lose that, "Kodak Moment".	Who says you can't have it all? The BrandXYZ EASYSHARE M380 digital camera blends the latest picture-taking technology with the ultimate in style - and with BrandXYZ's innovative smart capture feature, it's the take-anywhere camera that does it all - automatically.The M380 is part of the BrandXYZ EASYSHARE system, so sharing your pictures is amazingly simple. Just press share.
11096	Elegant solution to a common problem	I took a small apartment for part-time use while traveling. Internet access is via cable modem, but the preinstalled cable outlet was in the wrong part of the room. I couldn't install ethernet or a second cable outlet, and I wasn't about to just stretch an ethernet cable across the floor to my computer desk. The Belkin powerline adapter kit solved my problem with absolutely no fuss -- just plug it in and it's ready to go. I could have installed a wireless router, but I chose the Belkin powerline adapter kit instead. Not being a gamer, I don't need the absolute fastest speeds but do want enough speed to watch streaming video, and I have it with this kit. This is THE ANSWER for anyone who either doesn't want to go wireless or needs to extend a home network beyond their wireless router's range; I may get a second kit for use at home, where my daughters' bedrooms are at the opposite end of the house from the master suite.	Amazon.com Product Description If you need an ultra-high-speed network connection in the farthest reaches of your home, the BrandXYZ Powerline AV Starter Kit is just what you've been looking for. This kit includes everything you need to create a reliable, high-speed home network providing data speeds of up to 200 Mbps using your house's existing electrical wiring. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { ...
11101	Great Memory	When I built my new PC a few months back this memory was very expensive so I went with decent 800mhz ddr2 non SLI compliant. I was sad when I ran the service score and every aspect of the PC was at 5.9 excelt memory which was at 4.3. After installing this memory and changing the settings in the bios I was able to get to a 5.7. Since some of the software I run does not work well with a 64 bit system OS I need to stick with 4gigs. The memory its self is outstanding. I am fairly sure if I overclock it (currently at 0% OC) I would get a 5.9 (max score). Since Vista is a memory hog this is a plus. I may even need to try it on my xp pro and linux systems later to see how well it works (or doesnt).	The DOMINATOR Series TWIN2X4096-8500C5D is 4096 MegaBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using BrandXYZs latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1 volts. The TWIN2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the standard for performance module SPDs jointly developed by BrandXYZ and NVIDIA. EPP SPD?s on BrandXYZ modules allow users to automatically configure EPP...
11102	Overclocks like a champ	This is the best PC2-8500 1066mhz ram for the price. I'm able to run this stuff at over 1200mhz after overclocking. I've used this in 3-4 computer builds and all are operating well above 1100mhz after overclocking. A few things worth noting: 1. If you want your ram to operate at 1066mhz or higher, you have got to make sure that your motherboard supports it. 2. If you want your ram to operate at 1066mhz, make sure that even if your board supports it, that you have manually set your timings, voltage, and frequency correctly. Read an overclocking forum for your particular board for instructions on how to do this properly. 3. If you're still not getting the the right frequency, check to make sure that your not being limited by your FSB. Some boards will REQUIRE you to overclock the system to get 1066mhz speeds. Corsair makes solid ram. I've never had a bad set of DOMINATOR modules, and they are a bargain at this price.	The DOMINATOR Series TWIN2X4096-8500C5D is 4096 MegaBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using BrandXYZs latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1 volts. The TWIN2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the standard for performance module SPDs jointly developed by BrandXYZ and NVIDIA. EPP SPD?s on BrandXYZ modules allow users to automatically configure EPP...
11104	Great Memory!	Got this when it was just $74 which was da cheapest anywhere at the time.. Free shipping took a bit long though... But worth the wait. For DDR2 memory, 1066 is the minimum clock speed and 4GB is the min capacity these days and it offers better value for money than the 800 dimms. Plus Corsair IS the best!	The DOMINATOR Series TWIN2X4096-8500C5D is 4096 MegaBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using BrandXYZs latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1 volts. The TWIN2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the standard for performance module SPDs jointly developed by BrandXYZ and NVIDIA. EPP SPD?s on BrandXYZ modules allow users to automatically configure EPP...
11107	As Advertised	Ram works great, just remember to check clearance as the heat sink fins do stick up quite a bit.	The DOMINATOR Series TWIN2X4096-8500C5D is 4096 MegaBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using BrandXYZs latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1 volts. The TWIN2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the standard for performance module SPDs jointly developed by BrandXYZ and NVIDIA. EPP SPD?s on BrandXYZ modules allow users to automatically configure EPP...
11109	MEMORY	UP GRADED FROM TWIN CORSAIR DDR2 800 TO 1066 MHZ, GREAT UP GRADE!!!	The DOMINATOR Series TWIN2X4096-8500C5D is 4096 MegaBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using BrandXYZs latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1 volts. The TWIN2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the standard for performance module SPDs jointly developed by BrandXYZ and NVIDIA. EPP SPD?s on BrandXYZ modules allow users to automatically configure EPP...
11110	CORSAIR DOMINATOR 4GB Best Ram so far	Great ram, looks and feels great. High quality buy it you wont regret it. I am currently running mine at 1333mhz. Intel quad 2.4 @ 3.0 Great ram!!	The DOMINATOR Series TWIN2X4096-8500C5D is 4096 MegaBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using BrandXYZs latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1 volts. The TWIN2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the standard for performance module SPDs jointly developed by BrandXYZ and NVIDIA. EPP SPD?s on BrandXYZ modules allow users to automatically configure EPP...
11112	Easy install, fast, reasonably priced!	Not really much to say - installed into new rig, doesn't run too hot and works as advertised.	The DOMINATOR Series TWIN2X4096-8500C5D is 4096 MegaBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using BrandXYZs latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1 volts. The TWIN2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the standard for performance module SPDs jointly developed by BrandXYZ and NVIDIA. EPP SPD?s on BrandXYZ modules allow users to automatically configure EPP...
11115	corsair dominator 4gb	arrived even before expected. Removed old memory chips, inserted the corsair twin2x4096-8500csd dominator 4gb and that was it. Worked perfectly from the start and still cannot think of anything I could possibly complain of.	The DOMINATOR Series TWIN2X4096-8500C5D is 4096 MegaBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using BrandXYZs latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1 volts. The TWIN2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the standard for performance module SPDs jointly developed by BrandXYZ and NVIDIA. EPP SPD?s on BrandXYZ modules allow users to automatically configure EPP...
11117	Garbage	Product worked alright...for two days. Then it failed on me and I had to put my old RAM back in. I've heard of this RAM being defective a lot, but be cautioned that this stuff isn't going to work in a GA-P35-DS3L motherboard.	The DOMINATOR Series TWIN2X4096-8500C5D is 4096 MegaBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using BrandXYZs latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1 volts. The TWIN2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the standard for performance module SPDs jointly developed by BrandXYZ and NVIDIA. EPP SPD?s on BrandXYZ modules allow users to automatically configure EPP...
11118	Didn't get 1066 Mh	I couldn't get 1066 MH even the voltage was set to 2.1V on Gigabyte 965-DS4 motherboard	The DOMINATOR Series TWIN2X4096-8500C5D is 4096 MegaBytes of DDR2 SDRAM DIMMs built using BrandXYZs latest high performance heat sink with Dual-Path Heat Xchange (DHX) technology. This memory has been verified to operate at 1066MHz at latencies of 5-5-5-15-2T at 2.1 volts. The TWIN2X4096-8500C5D comes with Enhanced Performance Profiles (EPP), the standard for performance module SPDs jointly developed by BrandXYZ and NVIDIA. EPP SPD?s on BrandXYZ modules allow users to automatically configure EPP...
11119	A decent all-around player	It comes packaged inside a thick-plastic sealed blister package. Once that is removed, the primary packaging is revealed - a HARD plastic (about 1mm thick) sealed, clear clam-shell with the X-Fi suspended inside on a transparent plastic platform. It looks really cool... until you try to open the thing. Seriously, people - be careful. You can injure yourself very seriously using the amount of force necessary to penetrate this anti-theft packaging on steroids. Enough about the packaging. The player itself is an attractive, slim, glossy black device with a large screen that can do all sorts of things. You can read the specs above I'm sure so I won't get into all the details, but let's just say that it does about 75% of its functions very well. The other functions you'll probably never want to use. The things it does well: Music, movies, pictures, storage, microphone. The things it does terribly: Everything else (instant messaging, etc). I have not tried the wi-fi capabilities. One thing Creative has continued to do well is their support for audible books and other audible media. If you subscribe to Audible, this is a fantastic player for those types of media. The user interface appears nice, but the awful multi-button interface is the worst-implemented button interface I have ever witnessed. I'm used to it now, but all 12-or-so buttons are identical, feel identical - you can't just grab it and begin pressing buttons - you gotta pay attention to which ones you intend to press - otherwise you risk losing your place in what you're listening to. Battery life is quite good - I used it on a cross-country plane trip to listen to audio books for a few hours and then played 2 or 3 45-minute videos while on the plane before the battery meter red-lined. The unit does lock up - I keep a small paperclip in my car for that very purpose. It happens maybe once a week or less and always occurs during start up or shut down. Again, I've just gotten used to it and adpated. It's not too terrible - electronic devices aren't perfect - when was the last time your PC crashed, eh?	Experience your MP3 music as the artist originally intended with BrandXYZ ZEN X-Fi - the first MP3 player to restore the quality of compressed music with award-winning X-Fi Xtreme Fidelity Audio technology.Indulge in rich audio where you can hear your music in crystal clear clarity. Take in guitar strumming, crisp cymbal clashes and deep pounding bass as detail lost during file compression are now beautifully restored. The built-in X-Fi technology intelligently moves a conventional left/right ea...
11120	Good player	I enjoy this player very much. Play divx e xvid videos in your resolution, but don't make upscaling. Good mp3 player. I do the firmware update, and since then the player don't crash anymore.	Experience your MP3 music as the artist originally intended with BrandXYZ ZEN X-Fi - the first MP3 player to restore the quality of compressed music with award-winning X-Fi Xtreme Fidelity Audio technology.Indulge in rich audio where you can hear your music in crystal clear clarity. Take in guitar strumming, crisp cymbal clashes and deep pounding bass as detail lost during file compression are now beautifully restored. The built-in X-Fi technology intelligently moves a conventional left/right ea...
11596	Don't hit snooze on this one.	The fact I even have this media player is quite a departure for me and in all honesty if I hadn't received it for free I doubt that I would have ever given it a second look, regardless of how reviews of it might turn out in the end. At this point, it is so new I couldn't find any and even the manufacturer's site is silent on this unit. My first thought was if it turned out to be a keeper, I could get a labeler and cover the name with an appliqu? listing Denon, B&O, Yamaha, Harmon/Kardon, Sony, even Panasonic or Logitech or any other of the usual suspects, but iSymphony? Isn't that one of those mass market big box store brands - what will my friends think? As it is, ISymphony appears to be a relatively new company without an easily traceable history for product durability, customer support and warranty commitment. Reviews for other media devices they have on the market have been mixed. Turns out I could care less. In spite of a few minor flaws, I consider this unit to be competitive and in most respects superior to comparable devices marketed by more prestigious vendors. Granted, it has a few flaws that objectively precluded the highest possible star rating since those areas may be of significance for some consumers, but based on my most frequent intended use they were not of major importance to me. General Features * 30 Watts RMS (15W per channel) output power * Built-in Universal chassis Dock for iPod - Charges your iPod while docked * Slot loading CD player with MP3/MP4, WMA, and CD/CD-R/RW playback * Clock radio functions - wake and sleep to your iPod, CD, or favorite radio station * 20 program memory * USB compatible - play music from USB flash memory devices including the iPod shuffle * SD, MMC card slots supporting music playback * FM Stereo Tuner and 20 station memory * Dynamic Bass Boost ( from remote control only) * Removable dock adapters to fit all docking iPods (Touch, 5G, nano, 4G, mini, 3G) * Equalizer with Classic, Rock, Pop and Jazz presets (remote control only) * Front-ported wireless speakers rated up to 100 feet in range * Auxiliary line-in to accommodate other media players and media devices * Headphone jack * Line out * Detachable base on main unit and speakers for wall mounting. * 90 day warranty for labor, 1 year for parts. The main unit has a vertically oriented slot load for CDs, electronically operated iPod dock , LCD media function/clock display and side connections for USB, SD/MMC, auxiliary, headphones and line out. An FM antenna is attached to the rear. I do not happen to be a fan of vertically oriented CD players and one issue I encountered was a propensity for disc skips and freezes even though I tried a variety of discs including a group of brand new retail units. My typical utilization will not include a significant number of CDs however it is a detraction that should be mentioned. Nearly all functions can be controlled from a panel on the front of the unit or via the remote control. Equalizer and bass boost options are resident on the remote only. The main unit also includes a full function clock with two alarm settings. FM sensitivity is typically a challenge for devices such as this and I did have some flutter with lower powered stations and signal separation could be improved. Naturally, adjusting the antenna and moving the unit to other locations in the house could impact reception quality. However, it is another secondary concern as picking up local over the air stations is not one of my primary objectives for the device. Since this unit was designed specifically for iPods other MP3 players are accommodated via the auxiliary line and I have no idea about the quality of sound in those instances. For iPods reproduction is above average although at higher volume levels I did notice perceptible bass distortion regardless of use of bass boost. The unit is more than adequate for average size rooms and it will not reach volume levels to blast out the neighbors. Any iPod protective cases will probably require removal in order to fit the unit on the docking station but that seems to be a minor concern in my opinion. The media player includes 8 adapters for most iPod units and for the other OCD users among us if you still have the original that came with your iPod it will also fit the compartment. Each wireless speaker with a detachable front cloth cover is independently powered by a humongous adapter so other electrical outlets may be blocked. Speakers are paired therefore powering down one in a set automatically powers down the other just as they may powered off from the main unit, either from the encasement or remote control. Additional paired sets up to a maximum of 10 may be purchased separately. A couple of nice features are the ability to control paired set volume from any speaker and the ability to change program tracks from controls on each speaker. While I didn't test the rated wireless range, I did place the speakers two floors from the main unit and they worked flawlessly even though a number of other devices transmitting in the 2.4 GHz range were in between. Each speaker has a multi-directional antenna (the base unit has two). This is a well-designed and thought-out device, in spite of its' black acrylic smudge attracting face plate. Excluding the aforementioned issues with the CD player, my greatest concern has been becoming acclimated to controlling the docked iPod with the remote since the command keys do not mirror commands entered via the iPod nano 3g touch wheel so I inadvertently but consistently change media types. Another minor annoyance is the dimmer setting. When the unit is powered off brightness drops to a state where it is difficult identify the time on the LCD screen which might be an implicit benefit if the media player is used in a bedroom but it will not be much of a help if one wakes up in the middle of the night and wants to know the time. It is far too early to make a full assessment but from what I have experienced thus far, the iSymphony label on the front is okay with me.	The W2 audio system from BrandXYZ combines a sleek and compact wall-mountable wireless main unit with wireless speakers for flexibility unrivaled by conventional audio systems. Right out of the box, W2 delivers crystal-clear CD-quality music wherever you want it, without the drawbacks of previous-generation wireless systems--no pops, squeaks, or audio drop-outs; all you hear is your music. Set it up in one room or put speakers in every room of your house; you'll never need to run a single speake...
11606	ISymphony W2 Piece of junk	I purchased an ISymphony W2 from Amazon.com. It seemed like a nice unit at first. Then the CD started jumping and not playing right. ISymphony told me to bad as they only offer 90 days for labor and it would cost be $49.95 to get it fixed even though. The problems started around 120 days so I'm out of luck and they don't care. I can't believe they only warranty it 90 days. So much for me buying 2 more speakers for Christmas for my wife. I guess it is my fault that I didn't check the warranty before buying, but I wanted to warn everyone else so they don't get burned like I did.	The W2 audio system from BrandXYZ combines a sleek and compact wall-mountable wireless main unit with wireless speakers for flexibility unrivaled by conventional audio systems. Right out of the box, W2 delivers crystal-clear CD-quality music wherever you want it, without the drawbacks of previous-generation wireless systems--no pops, squeaks, or audio drop-outs; all you hear is your music. Set it up in one room or put speakers in every room of your house; you'll never need to run a single speake...
11706	great bd player	I OPURCHASED THIS BD PLAYER FROM AMS FOR ABOUT 200 DOLLARS. IT WORKED GREAT STRAIGHT OUT OF THE BOX. HAS HDMI, COMPONENT CONNECTIONS IN THE BACK AND A SLOT FOR SD CARD IN THE FRONT. IT WORKS GREAT, I HAVE IT HOOKED TO MY 15,000 (+) HOME THEATER AUDIO VIDEO SYSTEM, A 120 INCH PROJECTOR SCREEN,.. THE POICTURE IS FANTASTIC AND THE AUDIO TOO,..NOTHING ELSE TO BE SAID,.. BUY IT YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. PS: I ALSO HAVE THE SAMSUNG DVD BLURE RAY PLAYER, BD 2500 BD PLAYER, GOT IT FOR ABOUT 300 DOLLARS MAINLY TO STREAMLINE NETFLIX MOVIES. THE PICTURE QUALITY IS THE SAME AS THIS MAGANVOX DVD BD PLAYER.	Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV with this BrandXYZ NB500MG9 Blu-ray Disc DVD Player! DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The BrandXYZ NB500MG9 can play BD-Video, BD-RE and BD-R, CDs and JPEG photos. The convenient SD card slot on the NB500MG9 allows easy viewing of hi-def videos and photos on your HDTV. Additional highlights include component video output and a...
11597	Great product - Great idea - Could be improved.	I am giving this a 4 out of 5 even though I think the product is great. I cant complain too much since I got this from Amazon Vine but I want to be honest in my review. Included: Base Station (CD Player, FM Radio, iPod Dock (works with iphone 3g), Aux In, and Line Out 2 Wireless Speakers as in the Picture 1 Wireless Remote control Pros: Wireless connectivity with decent range in a 3 story house....tested about 90' through walls and floors - flawlessly. Awesome concept and ability to add speakers as necessary. Clean sound - NOT Loud - but CLEAN Speaker bases can be removed for Wall Mounting Base Station can be wall mounted. Ability to hide iPod dock inside of main unit....slow sliding mechanism that locks in place and is released with a button press. Volume and power for speakers can be controlled from the speakers themselves...on the right hand side. Cons: AC adapter plugs in the back of the speakers pop out...even with included/attached rubber stoppers Finish will allow for a lot of dust and finger prints. Annoying bright blue LED's in side of the speakers. Our usage tests: 1. iPod Classic 160gb 2. iPod Nano 16gb 3. iPhone 3g 16gb 4. With line out from a LCD TV into Line IN to improve TV sound. Results: 1. iPod Classic = perfect clean sound - not overbearing or LOUD. Bass Boost can only be activated from REMOTE and helped for some bass response. 2. iPod Nano - same as above. 3. iPhone 3g - Works but the iphone shows that this accessory is no compatible...no big deal if you want to just hear your music. :-) 4. We used this with a 46" LCD tv which has jokes for speakers....I needed more sound and have been looking for a smart solution. Details are below... This system is an iPod system and does a wHOLE lot more. I will give you one example. We have a 46" LCD tv which has speakers that compare to some speakers in cheap toys....garbage. How to get better sound conveniently without going into the home theater arena.... Well this product came along and so why not give it a shot.... We took the RCA output of our TV and using a rca to headphone jack cable plugged it into the Line in on this unit. Sound was working immediately...just switched the input to AUX and off we went. The TV controls the volume with variable output...so we set the iSymphony to MAX volume, boosted the BASS, and began watching TV. I must say I am impressed. The sound is GOOD...its not home theater quality and its not VERY loud for our oversized family room...but it is just enough for me to say that this is a viable option for that TV. We first put the speakers under the TV...then moved them around the room to get the best possible sound. This would not have been possible without the wireless technology. WE tried it with CD's, iPods, etc...and I must say that they have struck on something here that has potential. Why am I giving it 4 stars after this many good things to say about it??? Simple...I think the build quality and attention to detail could have been a little bit better. The finish, the plugs popping out, are all annoying. One other thing I noticed is that when the dock portion is hidden and the front control face plate is stowed away...the two pieces of plastic are not FLUSH....thats bad attention to detail on a product that costs $250+. I am impressed, I will use it, but I want it to be known that it can be improved.... It will find a permanent place in our home for now. Thanks,	The W2 audio system from BrandXYZ combines a sleek and compact wall-mountable wireless main unit with wireless speakers for flexibility unrivaled by conventional audio systems. Right out of the box, W2 delivers crystal-clear CD-quality music wherever you want it, without the drawbacks of previous-generation wireless systems--no pops, squeaks, or audio drop-outs; all you hear is your music. Set it up in one room or put speakers in every room of your house; you'll never need to run a single speake...
11703	bluray ultimate picture	beatiful picture full 1080p picture sound awesome more detailed than any cd ever heard really great price right now	Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV with this BrandXYZ NB500MG9 Blu-ray Disc DVD Player! DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The BrandXYZ NB500MG9 can play BD-Video, BD-RE and BD-R, CDs and JPEG photos. The convenient SD card slot on the NB500MG9 allows easy viewing of hi-def videos and photos on your HDTV. Additional highlights include component video output and a...
11598	Headed in the right direction	I've never heard of "iSymphony" but if all their items are similar to this product in design, they will definitely become a player in the electronics realm soon. Disappointments: 1) Speakers are not really "wireless" if you count the power cord that runs from the speaker to an outlet. I was hoping for battery-operated speakers that have NO cords coming out of them whatsoever. Still, they are much more portable than traditional "hard-wired" speakers. 2) Not compatible with iphones. It appears to be compatible with just about every other Apple product (including itouch which looks almost identical to iphone) but for $300 or so, I expected it to work with iphone too. Not so. 3) Remote control is infra-red (meaning you need line-of-sight). You can't be in any room of the house (without base unit) to adjust volume, turn on and off, etc. 4) Speakers are very pricey if you want extras, costing nearly half of what the whole unit costs. 5) "Adapters" for ipods and other MP3 players are somewhat cheap, and a pain to keep track of. Would have been nice to have some sort of built-in storage for these on the base unit. Nice things about it: A) NO problem with interference despite having several other "wireless" devices in our house (router, cordless phones, iphones, baby monitor, etc.) (I'm not including the iphone in this comment, as it interferes with just about everything unless it is in airplane mode.) B) Sound is full, rich and clear. Very crisp, very good sound. C) Remote is a definite plus, even if it is IR technology. D) Nice look and style, sleek and not bulky. E) Compatible with most digital sources of music.	The W2 audio system from BrandXYZ combines a sleek and compact wall-mountable wireless main unit with wireless speakers for flexibility unrivaled by conventional audio systems. Right out of the box, W2 delivers crystal-clear CD-quality music wherever you want it, without the drawbacks of previous-generation wireless systems--no pops, squeaks, or audio drop-outs; all you hear is your music. Set it up in one room or put speakers in every room of your house; you'll never need to run a single speake...
11599	Decent sound, poor feature set for radio	As an FM radio this unit is weak in features. Presets are not easy to store and retrieve. The antenna is hard wired--bad! The phone jack does not silence the speakers as it should with a headphone plugged in. The use guide is weak and not impressive The sound is very impressive, however. So that part of the unit is very good The unit runs in 2.4 ghz and will cause interference with phones and internet wireless signals-- a major problem	The W2 audio system from BrandXYZ combines a sleek and compact wall-mountable wireless main unit with wireless speakers for flexibility unrivaled by conventional audio systems. Right out of the box, W2 delivers crystal-clear CD-quality music wherever you want it, without the drawbacks of previous-generation wireless systems--no pops, squeaks, or audio drop-outs; all you hear is your music. Set it up in one room or put speakers in every room of your house; you'll never need to run a single speake...
11603	Wireless speakers that produce a nice sound	The iSymphony W2 is a nice stereo for a small room. It is capable of playing music on a wide range of media - from basic MP3 players to iPods to music on SD media or CD. The iSymphony produces sounds on par with other stereos at this price point. I live in a house with many wireless devices such as cordless phones and routers. My other wireless devices did not interfere with the speakers. The speakers sit about 10 feet from two cordless phones and are two floors down from the router. iSymphony recommends that the speakers be kept several feet away from other wireless devices. Calling the speakers "wireless" is a little misleading. The speakers still need to be plugged in to outlets. The "wireless" part simply means that the speakers do not need to be plugged into the stereo. While testing this product, I kept thinking about things I wish it had - such as the ability to network with computer. However, I feel it's unfair to judge this product by the features it doesn't have, especially when the product is a good value. I highly recommend the iSymphony for people who are looking for a device than can play music off of multiple media formats. It's relatively inexpensive and does not require the user to run speaker wires from room to room. People obsessed with sound quality might be disappointed, but for average people, the iSymphony is very appealing.	The W2 audio system from BrandXYZ combines a sleek and compact wall-mountable wireless main unit with wireless speakers for flexibility unrivaled by conventional audio systems. Right out of the box, W2 delivers crystal-clear CD-quality music wherever you want it, without the drawbacks of previous-generation wireless systems--no pops, squeaks, or audio drop-outs; all you hear is your music. Set it up in one room or put speakers in every room of your house; you'll never need to run a single speake...
11679	EXCELLENT EQ	This an excellent product. It looks fantastic, work perfectly and most all it sounds amazing.	<UL> <LI>Providing high-end performance at an affordable price,&nbsp;BrandXYZ?&nbsp;products offer hard-to-find features customers demand. <LI>These components will provide the professional and occasional enthusiast with an unbeatable combination of performance, flexibility and price. <LI><STRONG>Features:</STRONG> <UL> <LI>Inputs: RCA (4 audio sources) <LI>Outputs: RCA (2 lines) <LI>Dual 10 band graphic equalizers with individual LED indicators <LI>Continuous demo mode with digital graphic spec...
11685	Worst Clock Radio I Have Ever Owned	After reading a positive review in Mac|Life and seeing the reviews here, I ordered this for my wife. After setting it up, we found it to be very difficult to use the buttons to set the time, alarms or to do pretty much anything. Using the remote worked better, but still not perfect. And occasionally the buttons would "stick" causing the unit to go crazy with changing numbers. The only way to fix it was to unplug it. After dealing with this for a while, I contacted Cygnett and arranged for a replacement. Two months (!) later the replacement arrived and it works even worse than the first one. We can't even set the clock. The buttons on the unit are useless and the remote is not working at all. I'm now hoping that Amazon will take back this piece of junk so I can get some of my money back. It's too bad because the display is very easy to read and the sound is quite nice.	Large format time display and speaker system for your iPod
11699	Slow Player that died after 9 months	The picture and sound quality are excellent. However, it takes way too long to load disks. In addition, when the system is on pause for too long, it automatically shuts down; some disks return to the point of pause, but many reset to the original screen resulting in having to fast-forward through previews and then selecting the closest scene. This is extremely anoying because this process can take some time. No DVD player I ever owned was as slow as this device. The last straw is that the player lasted a little over nine months before completely quiting; Funai is less than helpful and the warranty is useless if they keep the player indefinately -- I suppose this is due to all the failed sets being returned! Hence, all this agravation for an overpriced set. Never again will I buy shoddy products from magnavox.	Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV with this BrandXYZ NB500MG9 Blu-ray Disc DVD Player! DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The BrandXYZ NB500MG9 can play BD-Video, BD-RE and BD-R, CDs and JPEG photos. The convenient SD card slot on the NB500MG9 allows easy viewing of hi-def videos and photos on your HDTV. Additional highlights include component video output and a...
11604	Another iPod docking station... with a wireless twist	With the W2 compact stereo system, iSymphony introduces a fairly competent, full-featured music center with "wireless" speakers. The W2 supports a variety of sources: - FM tuner - CD player - iPod - USB device (memory stick, etc...) - SD memory card - auxiliary input The audio is sent wirelessly to speakers (a pair comes bundled in the box, but the system supports a total of 20 speakers), there also is an audio output jack in the back. The system and speakers come on removable pedestals; the music center can be attached to a wall using a standard VESA monitor mount; you need to leave about 6" clearance on top if you plan on using the CD player. A button on the bottom left side of the unit releases a drawer which contains the iPod dock, and an assortment of 8 iPod dock adapters is provided in the box. My second generation iPod touch works great with it (including charging) although for some unfathomable reason charging stops when you switch to stand-by mode. Each unit (the system and both speakers) is powered by a very large "wall wart"-type power adapter. The system is wireless, but you still need to be able to plug in the speakers where you want to use them. The W2 comes with an infrared remote control; an RF remote would have made more sense considering the whole house aspirations of the system. All the functions are accessible from the remote, and there is also a small pull-out control panel on the bottom right side of the unit opposite the iPod drawer. The sound quality is not bad at all for a wireless system; although I am running a wireless router, a microwave oven and a cordless phone in the vicinity, the W2 had no problem delivering interference and static free music. Don't expect ear-splitting sound levels and thunderous bass, however; with small midrange drivers and no sub, the speakers can't deliver that much in the lower range. So, should you consider this unusual system? If you are looking for ambient sound at moderate levels, can't run speaker wires but have power outlets near where you want to locate the speakers, the W2 is definitely worth looking into, especially if you think you might want to add more speakers in the future (for instance in a rec room, kitchen or patio): you get quite a lot of features for the price of a single-unit dock. If you don't have these requirements a more traditional system might be a better choice.	The W2 audio system from BrandXYZ combines a sleek and compact wall-mountable wireless main unit with wireless speakers for flexibility unrivaled by conventional audio systems. Right out of the box, W2 delivers crystal-clear CD-quality music wherever you want it, without the drawbacks of previous-generation wireless systems--no pops, squeaks, or audio drop-outs; all you hear is your music. Set it up in one room or put speakers in every room of your house; you'll never need to run a single speake...
11704	Absolutely amazing Blu-Ray	I bought this blu-ray player several months ago and I have to say it's the best blu-ray player I've ever owned. It has amazing picture quality. I've tried some other blu-ray players and they either died in a couple months or they had decent picture, but none of them was as good as this player! It's a good looking player too very sleek and stylish. I've very glad I bought this item.	Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV with this BrandXYZ NB500MG9 Blu-ray Disc DVD Player! DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The BrandXYZ NB500MG9 can play BD-Video, BD-RE and BD-R, CDs and JPEG photos. The convenient SD card slot on the NB500MG9 allows easy viewing of hi-def videos and photos on your HDTV. Additional highlights include component video output and a...
11705	tried in store	After Returning a bd-p1600 samsung {junk} my search was on again. This MAGNAVOX was hooked up at my local department store. The picture was sort of grainy so I asked the lady if I could get it hooked up to another tv. She went and got a guy that did it for me. I didnt see much difference. I left there and went to a electronics store. I saw a panasonic BD-60 there that was awsome. Fantastic picture... I bought it. Plays everything I put in it. Its more money but the picture makes this magnavox look like a vcr. I cant say how this holds up? Bad thing is it may hold up for yrs and you have to look at a terrible picture forever.	Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV with this BrandXYZ NB500MG9 Blu-ray Disc DVD Player! DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The BrandXYZ NB500MG9 can play BD-Video, BD-RE and BD-R, CDs and JPEG photos. The convenient SD card slot on the NB500MG9 allows easy viewing of hi-def videos and photos on your HDTV. Additional highlights include component video output and a...
11607	Yes, it does work with iPhone!	The Good: *100-foot range of 2 speakers expands the possibilities. *Great, crisp sound. *Works pretty much with any electronic device out there. The Bad: *Fingerprint/Dust Magnet. *Remote-reliable. The Bottom Line: For those who are wondering if this works with iPhone, the answer is YES...well...99% yes. First of all, nowhere on the box, nor their website does it say that it supports an iPhone(it does say iPod Touch though,) so I had no idea what to expect as I put my precious iPhone on the unit's dock. This is the message that I received on my iPhone: "This unit may not be compatible with iPhone. Would you like to turn the 'Airplane Mode' on?" I selected YES and then went to the iPhone's iPod and surprise, surprise...it worked! I guess it forces you to use Airplane Mode so that no phone calls would go through and avoid any wi-fi interference. The portable speakers have a great range. You can control the portable speakers in two ways: Either set them us as "master," where they would play as soon as main unit on, or set them up as "secondary," and you would have to turn the speaker itself manually. This is great when you do not want to disturb others. While the device is great, there are some functions that are only available on the remote, such as BASS and EQUALIZER features. Therefore, do not lose the remote as it have many features that you cannot control on the main unit. Another thing to keep in mind is that both portable speakers will require a plug for the adapters, so they are not as portable as some might think. I also think they should've included a fiber cloth to wipe the dust and fingerprints. Another thing is that LCD screen looks a bit boring in the same color and could've used a face lift. So while this is a great product, its the little things that dinged the rating for me and prevented me from giving this product a full-pledged 5 stars.	The W2 audio system from BrandXYZ combines a sleek and compact wall-mountable wireless main unit with wireless speakers for flexibility unrivaled by conventional audio systems. Right out of the box, W2 delivers crystal-clear CD-quality music wherever you want it, without the drawbacks of previous-generation wireless systems--no pops, squeaks, or audio drop-outs; all you hear is your music. Set it up in one room or put speakers in every room of your house; you'll never need to run a single speake...
11707	Order Cancelled- Refunded	I never received this blue-ray player as the order was cancelled the next day as per comparrison pricing & reputation!	Experience the superior picture quality of Blu-ray movies in full 1080p high-definition on your HDTV with this BrandXYZ NB500MG9 Blu-ray Disc DVD Player! DVDs will also look their best thanks to 1080p upconversion on compatible HDTVs that have an HDMI port. The BrandXYZ NB500MG9 can play BD-Video, BD-RE and BD-R, CDs and JPEG photos. The convenient SD card slot on the NB500MG9 allows easy viewing of hi-def videos and photos on your HDTV. Additional highlights include component video output and a...
11729	Great Idea that is not quite half way there.	The Worldnav Teletype 7200 series is a great idea. It is way over stated by the manufacturer. If you haul hazmat or over sized loads, this unit "may" be of benefit. Otherwise, go with a better known more feature packed unit like the Garmin or high end Magellan's. The address search is very cumbersome, the built in auto select feature is way out of wack. Usually not even in the same state. It does have a totally useless USB interface. I have not been able to find a single ability in the unit that uses the USB. You are locked into using the old slow low capacity SD's. They require you to use their proprietary cards and you're ability to add music, ebooks or movies is very limited. The way it is set up, you pretty much have to have several low capacity cards and you have to change them whenever you want to switch from GPS modes to the entertainment modes. To be brutally honest, with exception to the larger screen, this unit doesn't even begin to compare with a DUAL stereo/gps unit I bought at Walmart for under [.........]. You should save your money until these guys get a clue about what technology is actually about.	7-Inch Worldnav truck GPS with truck-routing GPS for professional truck drivers, bus drivers and RV'ers.
11611	a nice stereo system	To begin -- I really wanted to give this stereo 3 and 1/2 stars, but Amazon does not utilize the 1/2, so I rounded up. I listen to a lot of music. I work out of my home office and will often keep my ipod playing to get away from just boring silence. We have docking stations all over the house, because there's rarely anything we do without listening to music. We listen while cooking, showering, playing video games, working out. I was really looking forward to trying out this system. I liked the fact that I could have a speaker in my living room and one a few feet away in the dining room or kitchen so that I could get my music while puttering around the house. It's also great to have a power button, volume control and the forward button(to move to the next song) on each of the speakers, so even if I'm not near the base, I can change those things. I've tried the radio, cd player and obviously the ipod dock. All work well and provide really nice, full sound. I live in an apartment, so I never turn it up super loud, but at a moderate level it's really enjoyable. The base/main unit of the whole system is not huge, and works nicely on a credenza or buffet table against the wall in my living room. It's very sleek and clean. The ipod dock pops out and can be concealed back into the system when not in use. The function button panels also folds down which is pretty cool. The base is a couple of inches thick, probably about 3-4 and about 8-9 inches tall. You can remove the stand part on both the base and speakers and attach them to the wall, which I would definitely utilize if I wasn't in an apartment. The whole system including speakers weighs about 17 pounds, so its not very heavy, but everything feels really well made and solid. Now for the things I don't love. My boyfriend spends a good deal of time listening to AM radio for the sports station(we are in red sox nation after all) and I was really disappointed to see that the isymphony only has FM radio, which neither of us listen to unless we're desperate. So he asked me to put our regular docking station/AM/FM radio back in the kitchen. Also, I've noticed both of the speakers seem to cut out very briefly at random. It did really start to bug me after a couple of hours listening to the stereo -- and its not both speakers at once, its usually one or the other. I don't know if something here is interfering with it -- we do have wireless internet. But, I think the majority of people have wireless internet so I thought it was an important thing to mention. Also, it seems the base unit has to be pointed towards me for the remote control to work, otherwise I had to crane around and get as close to the system as possible for the remote control to register with the base. That was really aggravating, the point of the remote is that you don't have to get up, and I did have to get up to point the system towards where I was sitting. On the whole, I don't know if I would personally pay this price for this particular system. Our other docking stations are all together(the speakers are built into the dock, so its one thing, and it plugs in) with wonderful sound as well -- for well under 100 dollars. Those are small and fairly portable with a remote control too. This system is really for those who want something sleek looking that can attach to the wall and have wireless speakers around the house, though each speaker in itself does need to plug into something. You can also buy additional speakers that fit with the system, if you have a larger home. So for someone who isn't really concerned with price, this could be the one for you. It has a few snazzy features, but I'm not sure for me personally that it's worth this hefty price.	The W2 audio system from BrandXYZ combines a sleek and compact wall-mountable wireless main unit with wireless speakers for flexibility unrivaled by conventional audio systems. Right out of the box, W2 delivers crystal-clear CD-quality music wherever you want it, without the drawbacks of previous-generation wireless systems--no pops, squeaks, or audio drop-outs; all you hear is your music. Set it up in one room or put speakers in every room of your house; you'll never need to run a single speake...
11618	Defective unit	This is a nice-looking unit and the sounds seems OK, but the CD player had a skip right out of the box. I played the CD in my Sony player and it was fine, so evidently the iSymphony unit was defective. If you buy this thing, make sure you can take it back.	The W2 audio system from BrandXYZ combines a sleek and compact wall-mountable wireless main unit with wireless speakers for flexibility unrivaled by conventional audio systems. Right out of the box, W2 delivers crystal-clear CD-quality music wherever you want it, without the drawbacks of previous-generation wireless systems--no pops, squeaks, or audio drop-outs; all you hear is your music. Set it up in one room or put speakers in every room of your house; you'll never need to run a single speake...
11633	Not recommended	I was never able to even fully install this card. The installation script would always hang at the same point in the middle of the install. Althought the appearance of support is provided, there is actually absolutely no support provided by Diamond (manufacturer). There is one of those "do not return to store" notes in the box but calling the number provided just resulted in them promising to call back which they never did. In their website there was a way to open a trouble ticket but it was never followed up by them, mine was still in "Not Viewed" state some 4 weeks later. All in all, I do not recommend anyone buys this product.	With the BrandXYZ AIWHD3650 All-in-Wonder HD, your PC and your TV ?play nice?. With the BrandXYZ All-in-Wonder HD graphics and video card your PC is transformed into the ultimate high-definition PVR and 1080p Blu-ray and DVD movie showcase. Enter the realm of high-def gaming and experience life-like graphics or use your PC to create your own custom video and entertainment library. It?s highly immersive, extremely versatile, and undeniably entertaining. It?s your PC, and it?s waiting to do more. ...
11634	Only one of its kind	This product is the only one of its kind on the market... it's good for TV, though I'd wish the graphic memory was faster (motherboard permitting). The video RAM size is ok... but the speed of the graphic memory is the real choking point. Nothing to really complain about though. It does what it promised, with a few rare lags due to memory speed deficiencies... but like I said, it's rare.	With the BrandXYZ AIWHD3650 All-in-Wonder HD, your PC and your TV ?play nice?. With the BrandXYZ All-in-Wonder HD graphics and video card your PC is transformed into the ultimate high-definition PVR and 1080p Blu-ray and DVD movie showcase. Enter the realm of high-def gaming and experience life-like graphics or use your PC to create your own custom video and entertainment library. It?s highly immersive, extremely versatile, and undeniably entertaining. It?s your PC, and it?s waiting to do more. ...
11635	All in Wonder NOT!	This is a great concept, but the video is a bit under par. The set up was easy. The trouble is the video must have too many things going on. Video under all settings is sub poor quality.	With the BrandXYZ AIWHD3650 All-in-Wonder HD, your PC and your TV ?play nice?. With the BrandXYZ All-in-Wonder HD graphics and video card your PC is transformed into the ultimate high-definition PVR and 1080p Blu-ray and DVD movie showcase. Enter the realm of high-def gaming and experience life-like graphics or use your PC to create your own custom video and entertainment library. It?s highly immersive, extremely versatile, and undeniably entertaining. It?s your PC, and it?s waiting to do more. ...
11651	Great wireless printing, scanning...PC & Mac!	I'm on Mac. Install was easy as pie, nice visual guide. Software minimizes bloat while letting you do what needs to be done. Highlights: * PC & Mac (few of these wireless all-in-ones are Mac-friendly) * Wireless printing & scanning (yes, from PC & Mac) * 2-sided scanning and printing * Auto doc feeder * Small footprint * Solid build quality; this just feels so much better built than the free HP officejet that came with my Macbook It's been only an hour, but I've scanned wirelessly (great quality), printed wirelessly (great quality), setup my girlfriend's Macbook to scan & print (no problems). I'm smitten.	Bring business class performance to your home office with the wireless BrandXYZ X4975 3-in-1. Print and share the X4975 from virtually anywhere in your office with built-in wireless connectivity. Save time and money with included XL cartridges that deliver 2X the pages! Manage large copy jobs easily with the convenient 25-page automatic document feeder. For larger projects - save paper with one-touch, 2-sided printing. Create brilliant, lab-quality photo projects and enjoy fast print speeds of u...
11652	How printers should be	Straight out of the box this printer was different than the other, and for many good reasons. Luckily amazon was having this for a Gold Box deal so I made the jump and purchased this printer. Extremely easy to set up. For some reasons my computer's CD drive was cooperating with the CD, but luckily Lexmark had a website where i could download the driver for the printer and install it quickly. Pros: - Step By Step Setup (Even for wireless) - Two XL ink cartridges provided free in box - Quick integration with my home network - More options than just basic Copy, Scan and Print - Dual sided printing - Above average printing speed Cons: - None... other than it being bigger than most other all-in-ones (so make some extra room for it) All and all i was very happy with this printer, especially being able to hook 2 computers and a laptop to it and all print and scan perfectly and easily. I'd recommend this printer to anyone.	Bring business class performance to your home office with the wireless BrandXYZ X4975 3-in-1. Print and share the X4975 from virtually anywhere in your office with built-in wireless connectivity. Save time and money with included XL cartridges that deliver 2X the pages! Manage large copy jobs easily with the convenient 25-page automatic document feeder. For larger projects - save paper with one-touch, 2-sided printing. Create brilliant, lab-quality photo projects and enjoy fast print speeds of u...
11653	Absolutely awful	Beware this printer. Choose a Canon or Epson instead. - sucks ink like it's going out of style - ink is ridiculously expensive and cart refills do not work - scanner/fax feeder jams constantly - if paper gets stuck inside at the back, either throw the unit out or use major surgery, and there's no real way of easily taking it apart to remove the jammed or torn paper - middling print quality - wireless scanning does not work on a Mac Hey, but the Wi-Fi worked OK for printing. That's something, but not enough. These are typical problems with all Lexmark MFC printers I've encountered.	Bring business class performance to your home office with the wireless BrandXYZ X4975 3-in-1. Print and share the X4975 from virtually anywhere in your office with built-in wireless connectivity. Save time and money with included XL cartridges that deliver 2X the pages! Manage large copy jobs easily with the convenient 25-page automatic document feeder. For larger projects - save paper with one-touch, 2-sided printing. Create brilliant, lab-quality photo projects and enjoy fast print speeds of u...
11654	Worked well out of the box and Lexmark 5 year warranty is a plus	Got this printer recently it worked well once i sorted out the driver issues (Vista 64 OS) apparently the nvidia network access manager caused some issues with vista had to uninstall to set up a printer on my Desktop. The printer's wifi connection took couple mins to set up but once i did vista quickly picked it up and i was able to add it. Pros Lexmark's packaging was excellent especially the glossy folder with all the information gave a very professional look. Printer's Wifi works quite well. Display is bright and easy to read. Ink catridges loading is intuitive. Quite inexpensive - $100. Cons No printed manual other than basic quick install instructions. Design does not look as good as other printers in the market. No Ethernet connection. Overall a good printer and price makes it very attractive for any Home or Small Business use.	Bring business class performance to your home office with the wireless BrandXYZ X4975 3-in-1. Print and share the X4975 from virtually anywhere in your office with built-in wireless connectivity. Save time and money with included XL cartridges that deliver 2X the pages! Manage large copy jobs easily with the convenient 25-page automatic document feeder. For larger projects - save paper with one-touch, 2-sided printing. Create brilliant, lab-quality photo projects and enjoy fast print speeds of u...
11657	Slow to startup, but otherwise good card.	Got this card for under $20, not expecting much. The card works great once everything is up and running, but it takes about 5 minutes after the OS loads for this card to "startup" each time you start the computer. I contacted Airlink, and they said the card was defective, and would send another card out. Then they gave me a story about having to ship Internationally in order to reach Alaska, and having to pay $22 for shipping a replacement unit. No thanks... I'll be ordering a different brand card to try and fix the slow startup issue.	Extend your wireless coverage and experience greater speed with this BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 Wireless N PCI Adapter! Based on the 802.11n draft 2.0 standard, this BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 delivers the highest wireless data rate so you can enjoy uninterrupted data streaming. It's backwards compatible with 802.11b/g networks and keeps your wireless connection secure with WPA2, WPA, 802.1x and WEP security encryption! Plus, the BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 comes with 2 antennas so you can get a wider coverage ...
11658	Good value PCI Adapter	It took me a lot of effort to get this card to work with a Belkin N+ (802.11n) wireless router, but it provides excellent speed once I got it working. I found that using the Airlink utility for configuring it required me to opt out of the Microsoft utility, and then I needed the MS utility to see other networks. So I finally had to remove the Airlink utility and just use the MS utility. This may have been due to my lack of knowledge, but I have just ordered another one for a second computer and I plan to implement it without the Airlink utility if possible. I get up to about 120 MB in speed over my wireless network with this card, vs. only 11 MB with my old 802.11b card, so it was well worth the effort. And price is excellent for an 802.11n PCI.	Extend your wireless coverage and experience greater speed with this BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 Wireless N PCI Adapter! Based on the 802.11n draft 2.0 standard, this BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 delivers the highest wireless data rate so you can enjoy uninterrupted data streaming. It's backwards compatible with 802.11b/g networks and keeps your wireless connection secure with WPA2, WPA, 802.1x and WEP security encryption! Plus, the BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 comes with 2 antennas so you can get a wider coverage ...
11659	A great card	I'm very pleased with this card. I'm a linux user (Fedora 11), and the Ralink 2760 this device uses is fully supported under linux. My wife and I purchased the card so we could move her desktop machine downstairs into the kitchen. We are getting >12 Mbps transfer rate between it and the router, which is upstairs and about 30 feet away. We are using the card with an Airlink 101 DIR 655 802.11N router. I would recommend this card (and I have!) to my friends.	Extend your wireless coverage and experience greater speed with this BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 Wireless N PCI Adapter! Based on the 802.11n draft 2.0 standard, this BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 delivers the highest wireless data rate so you can enjoy uninterrupted data streaming. It's backwards compatible with 802.11b/g networks and keeps your wireless connection secure with WPA2, WPA, 802.1x and WEP security encryption! Plus, the BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 comes with 2 antennas so you can get a wider coverage ...
11660	To good to be true	I have Windows Vista Home Premium and I love this card it's reliable and very fast, you can download 10 YouTube videos at the same time with no problem, It was so easy to install. I just built a new PC and I had been looking for a wireless card for a good 2 weeks before got this one. I read a lot of reviews before I bought this one. I'd say if you are thinking about buying a wireless G adapter don't, get wireless N, yeah you have to pay a little more money but it is so worth it.	Extend your wireless coverage and experience greater speed with this BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 Wireless N PCI Adapter! Based on the 802.11n draft 2.0 standard, this BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 delivers the highest wireless data rate so you can enjoy uninterrupted data streaming. It's backwards compatible with 802.11b/g networks and keeps your wireless connection secure with WPA2, WPA, 802.1x and WEP security encryption! Plus, the BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 comes with 2 antennas so you can get a wider coverage ...
11661	Spelling optional.	I was about to order this product, for i am in need of a Wireless N adapter for my computer. Unfortunately i do not own a "descktop" computer. This saddens me. Maybe this is some sort of supercomputer that needs extra letters to show how great it is.	Extend your wireless coverage and experience greater speed with this BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 Wireless N PCI Adapter! Based on the 802.11n draft 2.0 standard, this BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 delivers the highest wireless data rate so you can enjoy uninterrupted data streaming. It's backwards compatible with 802.11b/g networks and keeps your wireless connection secure with WPA2, WPA, 802.1x and WEP security encryption! Plus, the BrandXYZ 101 AWLH6070 comes with 2 antennas so you can get a wider coverage ...
11662	Not bad but not what I expected with Verizon brand	The phone's sound quality is good and the range seems to be fine. The main issues I have with the phone are the handset's layout and performance. All the buttons are roughly the same size, shape, and distance from one another. While it makes for a clean look, you need to really look at the handset when dialing or using any of the functions. I have become used to using one hand and pressing functions more by feel than sight. You really need to look at the handset so you don't press the # key for the 9 key, etc. Also info is slow to load. Displaying CID info requires a 2 key press to begin scrolling. Normally CID info is displayed instantly, but this phone has a "waiting" display then the Caller ID info is loaded. Another annoying thing is that it doesn't display the name and number together. If the name is displayed, it requires another 2 key press to see the number. I almost ordered a third handset at time of purchase, but I won't now. Battery life is acceptable. Speakerphone quality is fair. At least the Mute button is a separate key and not a menu function like my last phone. I realize Verizon doesn't make this phone, but I thought their brand would be on a better product. I would have paid more, but there doesn't seem to be many quality phones w/o an answering device since I use voice mail.	The BrandXYZ family of DECT 6.0 phones have taken all of the conveniences of standard phones, significantly improving their preformance to bring you the next generation of cordless phones. With longer physical range, clear sound quality, security coding technology and enhanced battery life, the BrandXYZ V100/V100AM family delivers a stylish, sophisticated, yet easy-to-use basic DECT 6.0 cordless phone available in two models (with and without answering machine).
11663	no support for phone - 3 ring circus	When I opened the package from Office Max I was excited to replace my old base and handsets with this new product. But, the handsets will not register to the base and the manual says to to www.verizon.com for support. There is NO support for their digital handsets at the website nor via "life chat" after 15 minute wait I was told we can't help with that. After fussing they gave me an 800 number. To make a long story short, 6 800 numbers and 4 hours later, still no support. In fact they told me they do NOT support hardware at Verizon that one has to go to the manufacturer. She walked me through finding the manufacture information on the phone or in the manual and guess what? It's not there. A major pain .. if I were not handicapped, I'd return it, for now the set it worse than a boat anchor.	The BrandXYZ family of DECT 6.0 phones have taken all of the conveniences of standard phones, significantly improving their preformance to bring you the next generation of cordless phones. With longer physical range, clear sound quality, security coding technology and enhanced battery life, the BrandXYZ V100/V100AM family delivers a stylish, sophisticated, yet easy-to-use basic DECT 6.0 cordless phone available in two models (with and without answering machine).
11664	Don't buy this!	I bought mine at Staples. If I'd read the reviews here I'd never have bought it. It is going back! Never did work properly and as a previous review reported the manual doesn't address all the problems and there is no online support for it!	The BrandXYZ family of DECT 6.0 phones have taken all of the conveniences of standard phones, significantly improving their preformance to bring you the next generation of cordless phones. With longer physical range, clear sound quality, security coding technology and enhanced battery life, the BrandXYZ V100/V100AM family delivers a stylish, sophisticated, yet easy-to-use basic DECT 6.0 cordless phone available in two models (with and without answering machine).
11665	BUYER BEWARE!--- WARNING this is a piece of JUNK!!!	BUYER BEWARE --- Purchased my Verizon V100 Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone with Four Handsets. Positives: NONE! Negatives: Volume constantly changes, No audible alert when messages have left on answering machine, All Handsets are flashing "Base Search" so we cannot use, User Manual does not address issue, No online support, No trouble shooting help!	The BrandXYZ family of DECT 6.0 phones have taken all of the conveniences of standard phones, significantly improving their preformance to bring you the next generation of cordless phones. With longer physical range, clear sound quality, security coding technology and enhanced battery life, the BrandXYZ V100/V100AM family delivers a stylish, sophisticated, yet easy-to-use basic DECT 6.0 cordless phone available in two models (with and without answering machine).
11670	Geomet'r GNC-35 vs Nikon MC-35 with Garmin	First off, I travel all over with a Nikon D2X. Cambodia, Vietnam, Hong Kong, Japan and all over Europe. I shoot a ton of pictures. For a long time I suffered with MC-35 and a Garmin handheld GPS. For some reason they (Nikon) think 6 feet of cable is what every photographer wants to deal with. But every time I did use it, it worked perfectly. Then the Geomet'r GNC-35 came out and I bought one. On a Photo trip to Costa Rica, I shot 1000 to 1200 pictures a day. All with GPS tags, FANTASTIC...it was fast,lite and reliable, with one minor problem it killed the battery a bit faster. Solution carry a spare battery... No problem. Great product. Note: very quickly I noticed that the stupid hot shoe velcro thing wasn't going to work, So I tywraped the unit to shoulder strap and after that, it worked great. After two or three months, while traveling in Asia, I noticed that more then half of the pictures didn't have GPS tags. So the next time I went out I noticed the GPS icon on my Nikon display would turn on and off. Then if you wiggle the 10pin connector, it stayed lite. So I figured that I have got a bad unit, and bought a second one. That one lasted three months of more careful use. The first one I left hooked up to the camera all the time, the 2nd one I disconnected when not in use. It still failed. I tried to contact the Manufacture. It's made in Taiwan, no web site, address, nothing. Tried a google search using any search term I could think of, Nothing! It's an outstanding, lightweight unit except for the 10 pin connector. I'm thinking about cutting off the 10 pin connector from the MC-35 and attaching it, but I lose the on/off switch. Hope this helps. Keep shooting.	BrandXYZ GPS Receiver (GNC-35) for Nikon D300, D3, D200, D2Hs & D2Xs, and Fujifilm S5 Pro DSLRs is the first product of its kind that brings real-time geotagging to photos taken on these cameras. Other similar GPS Adapter sell for $400. Now you can add an indispensable accessory to your Nikon or Fujifilm DSLR camera and enjoy the latest GPS mobile technology. A separate on/off switch conserves your battery in the receiver and on the host camera so the adapter lasts longer. Now for Nikon D300, D3...
11671	Camera GPS	When I first got this little GPS I thought it was wonderful. I own several GPS's, the difference in this is that it connects to one's D300 Nikon camera. Then the location and elevation is automatically saved in EXIF data. If you upload the picture to flickr it automatically goes to the map (if you so choose). UPDATE: After using it for about 2 months it just up and died! I got so angry that I threw it in the trash can. I didn't even bother contacting the manufacturer regarding the warranty. What a pity that their reliability doesn't appear up to par. I CANNOT RECOMMEND THAT ANYONE BUY THIS GPS.	BrandXYZ GPS Receiver (GNC-35) for Nikon D300, D3, D200, D2Hs & D2Xs, and Fujifilm S5 Pro DSLRs is the first product of its kind that brings real-time geotagging to photos taken on these cameras. Other similar GPS Adapter sell for $400. Now you can add an indispensable accessory to your Nikon or Fujifilm DSLR camera and enjoy the latest GPS mobile technology. A separate on/off switch conserves your battery in the receiver and on the host camera so the adapter lasts longer. Now for Nikon D300, D3...
11672	Outstanding Geotagger	The GNC-35 is the best GPS unit I have found. I tried the Nikon adapter coupled with a Garmin Geko 300 and Garmin serial cable mounted on an old flash bracket with velcro. That is a KLUDGE and does not look very professional on a D2Xs or D300, but it does record the camera direction if the camera is relatively level and provides a slave 10-pin accessory connection. This works as well although lacking the compass function but is MUCH lighter. This unit is as sensitive as any and attains a lock as fast as any others. This is a great geotagger!	BrandXYZ GPS Receiver (GNC-35) for Nikon D300, D3, D200, D2Hs & D2Xs, and Fujifilm S5 Pro DSLRs is the first product of its kind that brings real-time geotagging to photos taken on these cameras. Other similar GPS Adapter sell for $400. Now you can add an indispensable accessory to your Nikon or Fujifilm DSLR camera and enjoy the latest GPS mobile technology. A separate on/off switch conserves your battery in the receiver and on the host camera so the adapter lasts longer. Now for Nikon D300, D3...
11677	Poor quality	I purchased this equalizer to give my audio system (Yamaha receiver with JBL speakers) that sound feeling I used to have in older systems. The very first thing I did after taking this unit out of the box was to move the slides, they feel weak, and the plastic cover of each slide can easily fall off. I hooked it up and turned it on and it did not get any better. The display is way too loaded and bright, and not blue as pictured, there is a "scan" button that is just to have slides led lights "scanning"... you got to be kidding!. It has other two buttons "High VFD" and "Low VFD" which I haven't figured out what they are for. The unit looks good as long as it's kept turned off and you do not look at it so close, LOL!. Regarding performance, it just does what any other equalizer does, I haven't used it much yet but I noticed some sound distortion in certain songs, the decibels controls are imprecise: no effective and suddenly too sensitive. The unit produces heat, quite more than what I would expect from a passive EQ. If I have to use one single word to qualify this unit, it might be "cheap". My 9 years old son enjoyed this "Designed in USA, engineered in Japan, made in China" thing, he said it was so cool while playing with the slides lights and the scan button. This is a toy for kids, not for serious audio enthusiasts. I call this EQ "the shame" of my home audio setup. Add some bucks and look for something better built and from a recognized manufacturer.	<UL> <LI>Providing high-end performance at an affordable price,&nbsp;BrandXYZ?&nbsp;products offer hard-to-find features customers demand. <LI>These components will provide the professional and occasional enthusiast with an unbeatable combination of performance, flexibility and price. <LI><STRONG>Features:</STRONG> <UL> <LI>Inputs: RCA (4 audio sources) <LI>Outputs: RCA (2 lines) <LI>Dual 10 band graphic equalizers with individual LED indicators <LI>Continuous demo mode with digital graphic spec...
11678	Technical Pro Equilizer is awesome!	i am very happy with this EQ. it makes my system sound great. i LIKE all the BLUE LIGHTS!!! and it controls the bass and the treble highs lows and mids it is the RIGHT price as well. they have a great baseball video on utube, and a great company website by tpro . also their product reviews on utube were very helpful. i have a lot of TECHNICAL PRO products and they are the best BANG for your BUCK! no questions asked! VERY VERY VERY VERY happy! best deal very inexpensive TECHNICAL PRO IS THE NEXT SONY... MARK MY WORDS!!!!!!!!!!	<UL> <LI>Providing high-end performance at an affordable price,&nbsp;BrandXYZ?&nbsp;products offer hard-to-find features customers demand. <LI>These components will provide the professional and occasional enthusiast with an unbeatable combination of performance, flexibility and price. <LI><STRONG>Features:</STRONG> <UL> <LI>Inputs: RCA (4 audio sources) <LI>Outputs: RCA (2 lines) <LI>Dual 10 band graphic equalizers with individual LED indicators <LI>Continuous demo mode with digital graphic spec...
20818	Five Reasons to Buy This Computer	You can read elsewhere for tech specs or geek rantings, but here's my "I've got it set up as my family computer" five point review: FAST: this computer screams, doing about anything you need it to without annoying pauses. STYLE: yes, it does look like a fashion statement. And lest you say, "I just care about how it performs"-- you probably have other possessions that you admire their beauty--- some of your clothes, furniture, perhaps your car--- why shouldn't you be able to admire your computer as well? Apple says "YES YOU CAN!" SILENT: its internal fans and hard drive are so well designed that it's very hard to hear any noise. I didn't expect that to be a big deal but I can really notice the difference between my old computer's noise level and my new iMac. THE SCREEN: yes, it's a thing of beauty, bright, crisp, big, in full HD resolution that you can use to do any type of computing or watch a movie in complete comfort. THE OS: Snow Leopard rocks. It's the best personal computer operating system on the planet, period. All the tech magazines have raved about this computer, and sitting in front of it on my desk I now know why. If you need a new computer I guarantee you will fall in love with it.	Updated with a brilliant 21.5-inch LED-backlit widescreen display in a new edge-to-edge glass design and seamless all aluminum enclosure, the new BrandXYZ iMac is ideal for watching high definition movies and TV shows from iTunes, or editing and watching your own videos or photos using iLife. The iMac now also comes standard with a wireless keyboard and the new Magic Mouse, which features BrandXYZ's Multi-Touch technology. And it's faster than ever with a 3.06 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The...
20819	Pure Bliss.	I thought about getting the monstrous 27in., but looking at it in the store I decided that it was way too big to put on my desk and use daily. This machine is just amazing, it does anything I throw at it and it does it with ease and elegance. If you want a computer that both looks and functions beautifully, this is the one. This is my second Mac (I also own a MacBook) and I don't think I could ever go back to a windows pc.	Updated with a brilliant 21.5-inch LED-backlit widescreen display in a new edge-to-edge glass design and seamless all aluminum enclosure, the new BrandXYZ iMac is ideal for watching high definition movies and TV shows from iTunes, or editing and watching your own videos or photos using iLife. The iMac now also comes standard with a wireless keyboard and the new Magic Mouse, which features BrandXYZ's Multi-Touch technology. And it's faster than ever with a 3.06 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The...
20826	Olympus PEN + this lens + optical viewfinder = Modern remake of the rangefinder	This is small lens. That's its main claim to fame, not the speed at f2.8, nor the focal length, the equivalent of about 35mm in 35mm photography. But on the small Olympus PEN body, this lens gives you a small package that takes quite good pictures without messing around with a zoom. In particular, it works well as a walking-around street camera, much like an old Leica or a Canon rangefinder of the 1950s/1960s. (See also the optical viewfinder which has image lines specifically for this 17mm lens.) I tried this package out, camera, lens, and viewfinder, and got a good number of excellent images walking through crowds of people downtown. It's wide enough to catch people in their immediate environment. The camera is unobtrusive and really helped with the casual picture taking. I'd strongly recommend the setup to folks looking for a forgiving digital imaging setup with modern features but much of the ease of handling and casual ability of old rangefinders (without having to focus of course).	The M.Zuiko Digital 17mm 1:2.8 pancake (35mm equivalent focal length: 34mm) lens is even smaller than the already compact pancake lens for four thirds bodies. This micro four thirds lens boasts the compactness to the limit. The circular aperture diaphragm with 5 blades enables natural and smooth defocusing. This wide-angle pancake lens with its ultra compact design is ideal for daily snapshots and as travel companion.
20820	Why did it take me so long to get one???	I have been following Apple waiting for the right time to buy and if you haven't bought one by now, you need to go get one! I should have bought one long ago! I've been impressed with every aspect of the Mac and though I was a PC user forever, I have had no difficulty transitioning. I'm continually finding myself saying, "Wow, I can do that??" My family runs over to see what new and exciting features I've discovered on my Mac. Specific to this generation of iMac, the wireless freedom is invaluable! Since the iMac has only one cord, the power cord, I can move it around the house with ease and jump right on the internet or watch some movies. This computer is: FAST - I am running several programs on different spaces with no lag, at optimal settings. STYLISH - The screen is crisp and the whole setup is just gorgeous. DEPENDABLE - I have had no system errors, no defragging, no crashes, no forcing applications to quit, no restarting, no need for CTRL+ALT+DELETE. FEATURE-RICH - Snow Leopard has it all and I'm still discovering new things and downloading new widgets daily. POWERFUL - I can run Final Cut Express and surf the web at the same time. On my PC I have to close all other programs to run Vegas or Pinnacle. SLEEK - This is a streamlined machine and the wireless peripherals are the icing on the cake. The magic mouse: It feels so natural and smooth. The finger gestures are awesome when surfing the web or looking at photos. However, I have had a few problems with it while running videos editors since every time you touch the mouse it does something and will move me from my exact spot on the video clip. Other than that, its superb. My dad is now going to buy an Apple after seeing mine in action.	Updated with a brilliant 21.5-inch LED-backlit widescreen display in a new edge-to-edge glass design and seamless all aluminum enclosure, the new BrandXYZ iMac is ideal for watching high definition movies and TV shows from iTunes, or editing and watching your own videos or photos using iLife. The iMac now also comes standard with a wireless keyboard and the new Magic Mouse, which features BrandXYZ's Multi-Touch technology. And it's faster than ever with a 3.06 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor. The...
20833	Good GPS with lots of features and a STEEP learning curve	Was looking at several alternatives for a hiking GPS when I noted Amazon's excellent price on the PN-30 ($199 as of 10/23/09). With the faster dual-processor setup, fixed WAAS bug, and higher sat tracking count, the PN30 is a great little GPS for that price. Using a SDHC 8GB card I was able to quickly load the supplied base topo maps for NV, AZ, CO, NM, UT, CA, and OR. At first cold turn-on it took about 10min to lock in several sats to get a fix. However, all cold starts since then have taken about 30 seconds to get a 3D fix. Very nice. That was the 'easy' part about setup. If you want color map overlays, aerial image overlays, etc. you have to use the Topo8 software and the netlink feature. There is a learning curve here and while it is not cliff-like, it is somewhat steep (particularly compared to a Garmin GPS, for example). I was able to get a few different areas of aerial image overlays and color maps for a couple of hikes I was going on, however, the download link failed on the 2nd set of maps and continued to fail. As a prior reviewer stated, you can still get them via email, which ended upworking fine. Still feel like I've only barely wet my feet as it were with the Topo8 software. I'll keep digging (luckily there is a wiki and a support board), but it is like slogging through a swamp getting around in there. The unit itself has a small but VERY VERY visible screen for daylight use. I can barely see the screen on my friend's Garmin Colorado 400T, but the PN30s screen is super easy to read outside in bright light. Yes, compared to some other units out there the PN30s screen is quite small, but you get a damn good screen for quality and daylight visibility. I'll tell you, it is not fun trying to read my friend's Garmin 400T in bright daylight...there's quite a bit of cursing going on at times! (Don't get me wrong the 400T is very NICE, but that horrid screen just does not work in the daylight) Interal setup is not particularly user-friendly, but it is doable without the manual if you want to go that way. Pages are straightforward, and layering easy to figure out (though learning what Level of Detail to use in Topo8 BEFORE you download is a good idea since my aerial images are not visible at all until you get down to about 640' scale). Phsyically, it is a bit 'fat' at the bottom, but tolerable and fits the hand well. I have a few gadget pouches and it does not fit in a normal camera pouch due to the thickness at the bottom (~2.5"). The little metal dots for the USB interface connection are okay, though getting the plug in the first time was struggle. It was tight and I thought I was going to break the unit. I understand the use of the metal dots to keep the unit sealed, however, I wonder about connectivity and conductivity over the life of the unit. I guess we'll find out. Same with the memory card location. To keep the unit water-tight it is located under the back panel, beneath the batteries. Get a big SDHC card so you don't have to swap out the card. I looked at the PN40, but with nearly all of the same features, the PN30 was the best 'bang for the buck'. I am quite happy with the unit thus far. I'd have rated it a 5 if it was not for the less-than-user-friendly setup and Topo8 software (and really out of date road maps for Vegas!)	The Earthmate PN-30 is a high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options including up-to-date BrandXYZ Topo USA topographic maps; color aerial imagery, USGS 7.5-min. topographic quad maps, and NOAA nautical charts. A high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options. Click to enlarge. With its 32-channel STMicroelectronics Cartesio chipset and BrandX...
20834	Great Little GPS	Just got this Delorme PN-30 about a week ago. I extensively researched handheld GPS units before buying this one. I was leaning towards the Garmin Oregon, but I need to actually see the screen in very bright light...like when I'm kayaking out on the open water...so that unit was out...as well as all their other similar offerings. So despite the reviews about the Delorme PN units being a bit hard to use, I decided to get it. First off, it is NOT hard to use. Anyone with even the slightest ability on a computer can get this unit up and customized to their liking. The complaints about the non-functional link to their on-line map library must have been heard, because mine worked like a dream. I only had one download not go to completion (using my free $40 worth of maps, satellite and aerial images#...and that could have been my connection to the internet...which is sometimes less than optimal. Everything else went like a dream. You select which sections of the grid you want...for me it was around a lake I like to kayak in and some hiking areas...you ADD those to a list...which you accept and then download. A little menu box pops up with a list of maps you've downloaded and a list of what is on the GPS. You simply click on the map you want to install on the left column...which is what is now on your computer...and click on the destination folder you want on your GPS...either the internal memory or SD card. Then just click button to load it in, and it is done. Large files...like entire states take longer when using a USB connection, so it's best to just pop the SD card into a card reader or slot on your computer to speed things up. The quality of the maps that come with the unit are superb. And...if that wasn't good enough, you can overlay things like satellite images right over the regular map. So, for instance, when I'm kayaking at my favorite lake, when the GPS is in that geographical area, automatically, it switches to a very detailed and accurate sat map so what I'm kayaking in looks exactly like where I really am. I have noticed with the rise and fall of the lake level...older topos show peninsulas and other features that are no loner there...and are now islands. This is kind of frustrating. Even google earth's image is not correct. But the sat images from Delorme which I got for free, (due to their $40 worth of free images that come with the unit)were right on..and very clear. Any of these additional maps can easily be switched off if you do not want them to automatically come up when you're in the relevant geographical location. Other nifty features are things like the unit's ability to switch to night-mode automatically, based on when it knows sunset occurs. I was driving out of a labyrinth of roads in a housing development, and the night mode made it very easy to retrace my route out, without messing up my dark adaptation...very nice feature. So, all in all, I would say Delorme has a real winner with the PN-30. It blows my eXplorist 500 right out of the water! The maps are superb, the ability to customize is amazing, and it is just a solidly built, great little unit. And, it is obvious that Delorme has made its online map downloading feature function correctly and quickly.	The Earthmate PN-30 is a high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options including up-to-date BrandXYZ Topo USA topographic maps; color aerial imagery, USGS 7.5-min. topographic quad maps, and NOAA nautical charts. A high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options. Click to enlarge. With its 32-channel STMicroelectronics Cartesio chipset and BrandX...
20835	Good, but annoying software and setup	The receiver hardware functions very well, probably latest GPS chipset, nicely wrapped in HW function. However, the setup, data download, web-based database, etc is painful: slow, not intuitive (your first reaction on how to do something is often wrong), and seems like a bunch of software hacked together instead of being designed and coded as a coherent project of several modules. It does work, and, eventually, after a steep learning curve, it will make some sense to you. Mine came with a useless 1GB SD card, so buy a 32 GB SD card right away and probably a box of alkaline batteries, too. I am going to Death Valley with my wife for few days, and doing some modest day hikes in well- separated areas, and suspect I will need two 32 GB cards to get the full resolution and satellite views of the various hikes I might or might not take. (I dont need it, but it is fun) If you just downloaded the coarse map for one or two states and the details for a few 7.5 minute topos sized area at a time, then one 32 GB should be fine. The data downloads to your PC HDD, and it is so slow that you dont want to erase it, and then download again, so you may need 100 or more GB free on your disk drive if you travel to many places. I got the PN 30. The PN40 has barometric altimeter and electronic magnetic compass, which I deemed unnecessary ( the electronic compass in most items doesn't work well, and you can get a heading from GPS if you move, and the PN40 doesnt provide an additional backup over the PN30in event of device failure -- bring an old fashioned compass and a paper map as backup if you doing something where you might need help if the GPS device fails. I recommend this for people who enjoy working with computers, but temper your expectations on the "out-of-box" experience and be patient as you learn to use it. I haven't tried it for marine navigation, and I don't use it for auto travel. This unit is really best for hiking and probably geocaching..	The Earthmate PN-30 is a high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options including up-to-date BrandXYZ Topo USA topographic maps; color aerial imagery, USGS 7.5-min. topographic quad maps, and NOAA nautical charts. A high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options. Click to enlarge. With its 32-channel STMicroelectronics Cartesio chipset and BrandX...
20836	Remarkably Accurate But Not Easy	The first PN-30 I received had a bad UBS cable. I was sent a new one with just one phone call to DeLorme tech. support. Their number is in the back of the manual that comes with the unit. The other problem I encountered was with the USGS quad maps you can download from the DeLorme Map Library. If you zoom up one mile from an area with a 1000 square kilometers of USGS quads then try zooming back in the unit will freeze up then reboot. The amount of data contained in the USGS quads at one mile up will overwhelm the receiver's processor as it tries to redraw the map cluster. I returned the first PN-30 and its replacement repeated the problem. I did, however, found a way around this. You can turn off the USGS map layering until you get to your destination. Then when you need the map detail of the USGS quads you can turn the layering back on. At one mile up the USGS quads show no useful information, anyway, making the Topo-8 maps supplied with the receiver better suited for road traveling. If you're hiking and need the USGS quads just keep them at half a mile up or less and the receiver works fine. I found the PN-30 to be remarkably accurate and quick to correctly adjust the map in the direction of travel. The provided maps are of good quality and cover the entire US with Canada and Mexico thrown in for good measure. The DeLorme Map Library at $30.00 for a one year subscription is a bargain if you're looking for more map detail. As others have stated the link within the Topo-8 software is useless and I had to obtain my selections through the e-mail notification you receive when you're maps are ready. This usually takes ten minutes or so. DeLorme tech support was good but was unable to resolve my problem. They did try, however, and the wait time for an available technician was reasonable. Amazon was outstanding, five stars, providing a no hassle quick replacement. If you're thinking of purchasing this GPS receiver get it though Amazon in case it doesn't work out for you. As many others have said this is not a plug and play receiver. The Topo-8 software and receiver takes some time to learn but will give you a lot in return if you're up for the challenge.	The Earthmate PN-30 is a high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options including up-to-date BrandXYZ Topo USA topographic maps; color aerial imagery, USGS 7.5-min. topographic quad maps, and NOAA nautical charts. A high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options. Click to enlarge. With its 32-channel STMicroelectronics Cartesio chipset and BrandX...
20849	is that the worst camera from sony?	I received this camera for my birthday i was happy when i opened the box because it was from Sony .but this happiness did not last for long time .the pictures not clear not sharp at all i tired different setting but i got the same bad quality , and I'm surprised why no one review this item on amazon till now . don't waste your money on this camera . previously i used to trust all sony products but after that I'll rethink before i buy anything else from them .	BrandXYZ's Cyber-shot DSC-W190 brings you a variety of intelligent features in a compact, easy-to-use design. Smile Shutter technology captures a smile the moment it happens. Face Detection technology automatically detects up to eight faces and optimizes focus and exposure settings.
20863	Great TV for the price.	I bought this a few weeks ago as a sale item at Target. I was hesitant at first due to the obscure brand name and thought that maybe I should hold out for a better deal. I decided to go with it because it was priced under $300 and I was in desperate need (read: want) for a flat screen tv. I think I made the right choice. Out of box was as simple as attaching a new pair of speakers to a desktop computer. Sound is very good although the speakers could throw out a little more base - but I'm not picky. Color is wonderful and the tv gives you plenty of options for setting it to your own preferences. My only complaint is the high gloss finish. It shows dust very quickly. But that's minor, as well. Overall a great buy. Hopefully time will yield additional positive comments.	BrandXYZ LCD televisions offer unrivaled value and video performance to view HD video in stunning 720p. Vibrant picture and clarity are hallmarks of the entire lineup that may be wall mounted, placed in an armoire or on a table stand. Bring your TV room to life with bright and beautiful images
20864	Great Picture, Poor Remote	I'm very pleased with the picture quality. Sharp, crisp text that's easy to read and good color saturation. Far superior to similarly priced HDTVs. The speakers have good amplification, though they grumble a bit in the lower range. The remote is annoying. There seems to be a delay between pressing power and the TV turning on or off. The Apex codes on my universal remote don't work with this TV, either.	BrandXYZ LCD televisions offer unrivaled value and video performance to view HD video in stunning 720p. Vibrant picture and clarity are hallmarks of the entire lineup that may be wall mounted, placed in an armoire or on a table stand. Bring your TV room to life with bright and beautiful images
20865	Great sound, a few design issues	First, I will say that the sound on this is truly stellar - really clear. We are still exploring features and haven't even tried the VOIP feature yet - so I can't comment on that - but I do have a few other comments about general use. a) I will echo a previous poster's comment, that it's truly insane that there is no headset jack on this phone! The speakerphone has great sound quality, but there are times that I don't want to be on speakerphone but can't be holding the phone to my ear either. I can't believe they don't have a headset jack. b) There isn't a "page" button to find the handset if you've misplaced it, which all my other cordless phones have had. That's a really useful and sadly overlooked feature here. I may post updates as we learn more.	The Gigaset A580 IP offers hybrid calling capability; traditional land line as well as voice over IP , at a price level typically reserverd for standard VoIP phones. The ease of set-up and operation without a companion PO, saves both time and energy. The A580 IP is able to support multiple simulaneous calls (traditional, IP, intercom) VoIP accounts and room monitoring - in addition to the range, sound quality, security and enhanced battery life of DECT 6.0 phones. The A580IP provides the perfect...
20866	Good Sound Quality - User Interface needs work	I am reasonably technical and run a VOIP PBX for our small business with several different providers, IP Phones and gateways. This seemed like a nice addition where cordless IP phones are needed. I have almost returned this several times because of the UI and contact import issues, however I am keeping it in hope of an updated firmware release. Pros - Good voice quality Register multiple VOIP Providers Price is right for an expandable VOIP based ATA and handset Cons - Handset Interface and Features are a mess to use - Siemens could learn something from other cordless handset manufactures Vcard contact import is a nightmare Can't seem to remove internal Gigaset setting/provider Web interface is acceptable If you do the upgrade... if not it is so slow you can' use it. No Headset Jack (are you kidding me?) I want to like it... but not quite prime time.	The Gigaset A580 IP offers hybrid calling capability; traditional land line as well as voice over IP , at a price level typically reserverd for standard VoIP phones. The ease of set-up and operation without a companion PO, saves both time and energy. The A580 IP is able to support multiple simulaneous calls (traditional, IP, intercom) VoIP accounts and room monitoring - in addition to the range, sound quality, security and enhanced battery life of DECT 6.0 phones. The A580IP provides the perfect...
20837	GPS PN-30	This is exactly what it professes to be. Light years better than the PN-20 and it shares nearly all (can't figure out what's missing myself) the features and advantages of the PN-40 at a lower cost. It takes all the firmware updates of the PN-40 and is great for geocaching.	The Earthmate PN-30 is a high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options including up-to-date BrandXYZ Topo USA topographic maps; color aerial imagery, USGS 7.5-min. topographic quad maps, and NOAA nautical charts. A high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options. Click to enlarge. With its 32-channel STMicroelectronics Cartesio chipset and BrandX...
20867	Reasonably priced VOIP cordless phone	After 2 months of frequent use, I'm able to say that I'm happy with the A580IP. The base station and handset are nicely designed. Setup was easy once connected to my network. Documentation is pretty good for average users. Call clarity is excellent, the speakerphone is decent. The menu system on the handset is a bit irritating to use, but it does offer many variables. I wish that the settings could be set via the web interface and sent to the handset instead.	The Gigaset A580 IP offers hybrid calling capability; traditional land line as well as voice over IP , at a price level typically reserverd for standard VoIP phones. The ease of set-up and operation without a companion PO, saves both time and energy. The A580 IP is able to support multiple simulaneous calls (traditional, IP, intercom) VoIP accounts and room monitoring - in addition to the range, sound quality, security and enhanced battery life of DECT 6.0 phones. The A580IP provides the perfect...
20838	Deep menu....	This is my first GPS...so consider this when reading this review. Have owned for approx 1 month. pros: * many options so that most things you might want to do...can be probably done * accurate positioning relative to the maps in most places...off by 10-15 feet...re-walking a path off by only 5-8 feet in places...midwest US * included maps are fairly accurate as far as backroads and forest roads...similar to but not the same as the Delorme state paper maps * can construct and follow detailed routes and trails using the Topo 8 software cons: * menu is DEEP...so that I needed to make up my own crib notes on shorthand to be able to do what I typically wanted in the field * had an issue where the unit would "buzz" and run the batteries down pretty fast...and couldn't be stopped except by removing them...happened 2xs...no repeat. Happened on shutdown...need to wait for the shutdown dialog to appear? * software for both the topo 8 software and the handheld is a bit "buggy" and complex...some things might not be detailed in the help files. * find function...as in looking for gas stations could be more accurate * screen is small note: to be fair some of my "buggy" claims are more related to my not remembering how to do or change some setting...or not remembering that I did change something and what to expect. This is actually a small OS...you need to try various options with it until it becomes intuitive...takes time to get oriented. Or just put batteries in it...give it time to get a fix...take a walk into the bush and you can get back. conclusion: I considered returning the unit due to the buzzing issue...but since there has been no repeat..I haven't. Since it does the detailed things I want it to do...and I've learned how to do them...I'm keeping it. May the force be with me. note: can be powered by a USB 12V to 5V converter in a vehicle	The Earthmate PN-30 is a high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options including up-to-date BrandXYZ Topo USA topographic maps; color aerial imagery, USGS 7.5-min. topographic quad maps, and NOAA nautical charts. A high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options. Click to enlarge. With its 32-channel STMicroelectronics Cartesio chipset and BrandX...
20839	Nice GPS	Maps-(A), Speed-(A), Software-(B), Screen-(A), Button Layout(A), Batterylife-(C) Wish batteries lasted longer. I am going to switch to Lithiums for a test. The screen is nice, easy to see.	The Earthmate PN-30 is a high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options including up-to-date BrandXYZ Topo USA topographic maps; color aerial imagery, USGS 7.5-min. topographic quad maps, and NOAA nautical charts. A high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options. Click to enlarge. With its 32-channel STMicroelectronics Cartesio chipset and BrandX...
20868	2 in 1 very reliable device	It has an ATA included, that means you can setup up to 6 voip providers in it, plus your regular landline. Its a nice device for the price of only 1 device (ATA) que quality is awesome and works pretty good.I recommend to anyone looking for an unlocked cordless phone/ATA.	The Gigaset A580 IP offers hybrid calling capability; traditional land line as well as voice over IP , at a price level typically reserverd for standard VoIP phones. The ease of set-up and operation without a companion PO, saves both time and energy. The A580 IP is able to support multiple simulaneous calls (traditional, IP, intercom) VoIP accounts and room monitoring - in addition to the range, sound quality, security and enhanced battery life of DECT 6.0 phones. The A580IP provides the perfect...
20840	Excelent GPS Device my first	This was my first hand held GPS and I'm glad I choose this one. I reviewed many of them that were out there and this unit seamed to have what I was looking for. I would like it if Delmore had down loads of the inland lakes here in NY. I had to spend about 10 minutes reading the instruction first but then setting it up was fairly easy. I have used it for a month now mainly for hunting and was ably to navigate to my tree stand in the dark with just this GPS. It has a lot of features I have not used yet. I am able to get a signal in the house, I'm told that a sign of a good one. I have to agree. The computer software is a bit tricky to use but if you have some desent computer back ground you will be able to figure it out just take your time and read the screans. The 40 dollars library is well worth it compared to the other manufactures who charge for every down load you do. I would stay away from the power kit that amazon sells as the batteries are junk and do not charge up or keep a charge at all. Delmore sells a kit for the same price and I found there tech support first rate always getting a person when I called them who was real help full. The price on Amazon for this unit is a good deal but get the warranty they sell for it. I already droped mine out of the tree stand but nothing happened to it.	The Earthmate PN-30 is a high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options including up-to-date BrandXYZ Topo USA topographic maps; color aerial imagery, USGS 7.5-min. topographic quad maps, and NOAA nautical charts. A high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options. Click to enlarge. With its 32-channel STMicroelectronics Cartesio chipset and BrandX...
20841	pn-30 the best gps for hunting out there	had this product for 3 to 4 weeks now it really really rocks. very accurite and easy to manuver	The Earthmate PN-30 is a high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options including up-to-date BrandXYZ Topo USA topographic maps; color aerial imagery, USGS 7.5-min. topographic quad maps, and NOAA nautical charts. A high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options. Click to enlarge. With its 32-channel STMicroelectronics Cartesio chipset and BrandX...
20846	Defenately worth the $!	I had $30 sony ear buds before this. The sound was better quality overall but the bass was so loud it was out of wack. I had to use my ipod's bass reduction setting but then it didn't sound right when I put it on my car sterio. Pita. These skull candy phones have great bass but it's much more ballenced. The overall sound quality isn't the best I've heard but it is still really good and defenately fantastic for $18 ear buds. Way better than the stock iphod buds...especially in terms of bass. The fabric cord is where this color really shines. I think it looks cool. I mean think about it...little buds in your ears stand out a bit but not too much (though the crossbones do look cool). But the cord really stands out more...and once you wear these you realize everyone else's cord is either black or white...so wearing this cord really makes you stand out...it's almost like you are wearing a necklace or something. Plus wrapping it around my ipod the cloth seems more durable that rubber cords...whether that's true or not I don't know. I do know that it's pretty cool this model with the cloth cord doesn't really cost more than the other Paul-Frank models with the rubber cords...which are only a few dollars more than the regular inked models to begin with anyways. A really good buy I think!	Skullcandy SGINBZ-95 Paul Frank Scurvy INK'D Earbuds, Black/White
20842	Graphics A+, Maps B, EZ Of Use C	I currently have several different GPS Units. I seem to buy a few new ones each year. Some for work, others for play. This Unit is not my Favorite. I prefer the Garmin 60CSX over this unit. And my second favorite is my location sending radios - Garmin 530 HCx's. I have not been a fan of Garmin for quite some time, But, now that they have the fastest start up and can use the H-SD Cards. I have modified my thoughts towards Garmin lately. The Garmin 60 just locks up so fast. And Garmin menus are now too EZ to ad what you want or need. The PN-30 unit is not that bad though. Id say it's much better than my Magellan Triton. TRITON=HATE IT, I think that is the last Magellan I will ever own. It will be auctioned off soon. All units mentioned take H-SD cards, and the extra maps are about the same in price. (Delorme might be the highest priced tho) The graphics are Slighly better on the PN-30. If Slightly better graphics is what your looking for, and you can handle the slow start times and tedious menus. This is the unit for you!	The Earthmate PN-30 is a high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options including up-to-date BrandXYZ Topo USA topographic maps; color aerial imagery, USGS 7.5-min. topographic quad maps, and NOAA nautical charts. A high-sensitivity, high-performance, bright-color-screen handheld GPS that offers an unrivaled selection of display options. Click to enlarge. With its 32-channel STMicroelectronics Cartesio chipset and BrandX...
20845	Love these funky ear buds!	I pre-ordered these and glad that I did! I'm a sucker for anything with a Skull & Crossbones on it and love Paul Frank's take on this classic design with their "Skurvy" character. I purchased these ear buds to use with my 16GB iPhone 3G. The earbuds that came with the iPhone were proving to be uncomfortable. And apparently I didn't know what I was missing in terms of sound. The skull candy ear buds provide a superior sound in a very small and light package. Love the black and white cloth cord. Plus they look super cute! They come with three sizes of rubber thingies (yeah, that's a technical term... don't judge me!) Anyway, I love these ear buds! I just ordered the headset with the "Skurvy" design just so I have another option. Can't WAIT for those to arrive!!	Skullcandy SGINBZ-95 Paul Frank Scurvy INK'D Earbuds, Black/White
20856	As far as HTPC cases go, this is top of the line.	Before I get into detail, let me first say the 5 star overall rating I gave this is based on pros and cons compared to other so called "HTPC" cases. This is the only case I've come across that in the end does not look like a computer. It is VERY aesthetically pleasing, pictures online do not do it justice. It is also, by far, the most solid construction I have ever seen in a computer case. This case is built so solid, I am confident it will be with me for the rest of my life. These things were important to me above other factors such as an included cable, which I can just replace. There are however some things that could be improved. Now on to the Attributes I rated. Construction Quality - Solid as a rock. The exterior and top panels are all made of 5 millimeter thick aluminum. Not only is this strong, but it goes a long way in keeping the computer quiet. By being so thick the panels do not resonate. The side and front silver colored panels are bead blasted for a matte finish. The top panel is uncolored brushed Aluminum. The black panel in the front is also brushed Aluminum, however it has been anodized. The bottom plate appears to be a heavy gauge stamped steel with a black finish. There are 4 rubber feet to support the case. The optical tray cover and memory card reader cover are both heavy Aluminum and open and close slowly and accurately. Nothing on this case rattles. Ventilation and cooling - Cooling is sufficient for what this case is intended for, but a few revisions could be made in my opinion. There are no intake fans on this case, and a single 120mm rear exhaust is the only thing moving air. A good power supply with a 140mm fan built in such as the really helps. I saw in a video review that you can fit the tallest of CPU cooling solutions in the case. That is true, but only if you don't install an optical drive. My blue ray drive hit the fins on my . Certainly no 140mm cooling solutions will fit, and I'm not sure how many if any, 120mm solutions would fit. On a positive note the stock CPU cooler is suffice, keeping the CPU around 39?C(Max for Intel Core 2 Quad/ i7 is 100?C, your cpu may differ). If you install a basic Graphics card the ventilation is good enough. If you are like me and have a very high end GPU it will not be. I plan to water cool the case because of this which leads me to a negative. There are no provisions for running water lines out of the case. It can be done, but will need custom work. There is enough room under the drive tray for a crafty individual to install 2 120mm fans. I plan on putting 2 800 RPM fans to circulate air over my drives and move hot, stagnant GPU air around the case to be exhausted. Hard Drive/Expansion - Luxa2 provides provisions for only two hard drives. Other HTPC cases offer provisions for the installation of 4-6. Personally this is not a downfall for me, as I prefer to keep my mass storage in separate housings. This is so they are not being powered on every time I am on the computer, and so they are not exposed to any more heat then necessary. A crafty individual could however fit more drives if they chose to. A third drive cold be fit by screwing two short lengths of aluminum angle stock on the bottom right side of the drive tray, directly under the hard drive and in front of the power supply. There are a number of places to tuck away an SSD as well. If one used an SSD for the operating system and tucked it in front of the power supply, you could still fit two 2 terabyte drives in the spaces provided. The case fits up to standard ATX motherboards, and has seven expansion slots. One is dedicated to pass through the touch screen VGA connector. There is enough room for the largest of graphics cards, as I had no problem fitting my (which I will be water cooling). I also could easily fit my which is as big as many video cards. Included Accessories - All of the provided cables to connect the case to the mother board are approximately twice as long as they need to be. This makes cable management harder then it needs to be. The front panel audio conector splits off at the end to provide connections for HD audio and the Legacy(outdated) AC'97. No one uses AC'97, so one less loose connector would be nice. I will be customizing or purchasing new connectors all around to fix this, however it should have been provided at this price. The mess of wires it creates impedes what little airflow there is. Peripherals - The touch screen is of higher quality than I expected. With just a few tweaks to the GPU settings the screen has good contrast, and can be seen at any angle I've looked at it from. More importantly the touch screen is perfectly functional. The Volume knob makes clicking sounds when turned. It sounds "cheap". Most won't be using the knob or front controls often however because of the remote. The remote is not the best layout, but it does work as both mouse and keyboard. It took me a week to get used to, but its fun to use now. If you are not happy with the remote, there is an Infrared sensor on the front of the case, and other Media Center compatible remotes should also work. The power button is a dull white LED light, not distracting at all. There is one bright blue led behind the lower panel, however when it is closed you can not see it at all. The iMon software is more useful than other reviews would have me believe. Its navigation can seem confusing or backwards at times, but no more or less than other media center front ends. Like anything you just have to get accustomed to the controls. I do suggest not using the software they provide and going straight to Soundgraph's support page to download the newest version, otherwise it will prompt you to update right after installing. Overall I'm very happy with the case. I know my 5 star overall may not coincide with the breakdown ratings, but every other case has its downfalls as well. Compared to other cases I considered, this one just stands apart from the rest. I feel good when I look at it, and I use the touch screen to play music (more than I thought I would)without having to turn my TV on. The best part is that it doesn't *look* like a computer. My friends have seen it and said "Hey, whats that?" They knew it was part of my theater, but had no idea it was a PC. Other cases just look like boxes, and don't use as thick of metal throughout. It looks like it belongs next to high end stereo/theater equipment, isn't that the idea? Hopefully this helps answer some questions some may have about this!	Product Name LM300 Touch Pro P/N LVA30052N1Z Case Type Home Theater Media PC Media Kits Built-in all new revolutionary 7-Inch touch screen hot keys module Touch Screen Screen Size : 7-Inch Wide LCD Screen Ratio : 15:9 Maximum Resolution : 1024 x 768 Screen Output : D-Sub Power Input : 12V DC Touch Screen Dimension Height: 203.5mm (8.01 inches) /food stand included: 218mm (8.58 inches) Width: 460mm (18.11 inches) Depth: 410mm (16.14 inches) Weight 9.79kg /21.58 lbs. Cooling System Rear : 120 x 12...
20857	A solid and unique HTPC case	The basic design of the case is extremely solid, and I'd like to re-iterate what you'll read elsewhere: it is hard to imagine a more solidly built case. I'm mostly going to cover the somewhat hidden problems I see with the case, as the advertised features (touch screen LCD, quality of appearance, etc.) all pretty much work well. NOTE: I installed a full-ATX size motherboard with an AGP graphics card, and I don't know if mini-ATX and/or PCI-e motherboard designs might change the following, or how regulated CPU position is in the full-size ATX specification. ... As someone else mentions, the CPU cooler clearance is a problem when actually utilizing the case (installing an optical drive) because the optical drive sticks out from a cross-bar where all the drives are mounted, directly over where the CPU cooler is. It is also true that the GPU cooler size is limited by the same thing (the cross-bar), but I'm not sure which stock coolers this would affect (I had to remove my passive cooler assembly to install my graphics card). I will note that I used a Scythe Katana 3 CPU cooler successfully, but had to mount it "backwards" (for which I also flipped the fan to maintain airflow directionality). This is a full height (4U at 143mm) cooler with heatpipes, but the heatpipe cooling assembly is offset to one side and tilted back. It almost worked mounted normally, due to the "tilted back" aspect of its design, with the optical drive, but I would have needed a special "L" shaped SATA cable that was as compact as the "T" SATA power connector (the L shaped connector I had still stuck out too much), and I wouldn't have been comfortable with how close it was to the heatsink fins. Flipping it backwards allowed clearance due to the "offset" part of its design. It seems to be cooling the CPU quite well, and case temperatures also seem fine. Any 3U rated cooler should work, I believe, or maybe a cooler 133mm or less going by how much clearance mine lacked. ... Changing where the VGA cable comes out for the LCD monitor is a pain (it is on the last slot, to the back left). You don't seem to be able to pull it back in, it seems you'll have to detach it from the monitor assembly inside, including what appears to be a ground cable attachment and pull it out. It seems doable, though, but plan ahead if your collection of cards might require shifting the cable around. ... If you have an old motherboard with 3 pin power LED connection, you'll need a 2 pin to 3 pin adapter or some similar solution. It should be possible to cut the case's 2 pin power LED connection in half to use with 3 pins (and I think it should come pre-split for just this reason), but I don't see how with the hard plastic nature of the 2 pin connector...it would seem I'd just be shattering the header plug if I tried it with wire cutters or anything else I have handy. This is odd, as the included manual pictures a 3 pin header plug (as well as some other connections the instructions don't have you connect, for that matter), so I would have expected at least an adapter. All that said, the main problem with the case is the price, a little bit too much IMO. However, I don't know of another case as solidly constructed, HTPC or not. Half a centimeter in some places, again as someone else mentions, is not an exaggeration, and due to usage of aluminum, I still don't find it too cumbersome to move back in place after construction.	Product Name LM300 Touch Pro P/N LVA30052N1Z Case Type Home Theater Media PC Media Kits Built-in all new revolutionary 7-Inch touch screen hot keys module Touch Screen Screen Size : 7-Inch Wide LCD Screen Ratio : 15:9 Maximum Resolution : 1024 x 768 Screen Output : D-Sub Power Input : 12V DC Touch Screen Dimension Height: 203.5mm (8.01 inches) /food stand included: 218mm (8.58 inches) Width: 460mm (18.11 inches) Depth: 410mm (16.14 inches) Weight 9.79kg /21.58 lbs. Cooling System Rear : 120 x 12...
20861	Apex Digital LD3249	This is actually a great tv, 32in on the cheap. I bought it on clearance at target so I didn't get to see the image quality before leaving the store - I expected to have to return it because a 32in tv like this for that price is just outrageous and there's always a catch. However I was stunned by how gorgeous the picture was, it does a fantastic job of upconverting the standard definition cable I am feeding it in the bedroom (now I have to upgrade that cable box too) and when I feed it 720p from the blue ray player it is hands down the best looking display I have ever seen. I decided to try out the vga port with my laptop and was delighted to discover that when I set the resolution to 1920x1080 (1080p) it actually worked! It didn't overscan or anything! This panel is capable of displaying native 1080p, you just have to bypass it's converter by using the vga cable. This is the perfect tv for a home theater pc! I played world of warcraft on it all night at 1080p! Now I'm depressed that I paid the same amount for my 24in computer monitor...	BrandXYZ LCD televisions offer unrivaled value and video performance to view HD video in stunning 720p. Vibrant picture and clarity are hallmarks of the entire lineup that may be wall mounted, placed in an armoire or on a table stand. Bring your TV room to life with bright and beautiful images
20862	Far Beyond Expectations	Beyond Expectation. That's what is printed in large letters on the top of the box. And it's absolutely true. I did have a glitch at the beginning with alignment from the VGA input, but once I found the auto adjust feature, that was that. The specs on the overview page at [...] are incorrect and incomplete. This set has; 3x HDMI inputs 1-S Video input 2x Composite input 2x Component input 1x Cable input 1x computer VGA input and audio input It also has SPDIF out Native resolution is 1360x768 and it supports scaling. Connected via VGA input to my computer, I am absolutely astounded by the sharpness and clarity displayed by this unit at it's native resolution. If I was willing to pay an arm and a leg, I'm sure I could find a better Television/Monitor to connect to my computer but I don't think I've seen anything near the quality of this unit with the features it has for anywhere near money I paid for it. Far Beyond Expectations, I think that really just says it all. Now, my gripes. The remote, It looks crappy. The layout is good, but it doesn't look like it belongs with a shiny glossy (Very Nice Looking) TV. it's got a crappy matte finish and little sharp edges where the plastic came out of the mold. 2nd gripe, The speakers. but hey, how many people use the internal speakers anyway. I know I don't. Thanks Apex! Addendum. The previous review says that this television when connected via VGA supports native 1080p This is not correct. It supports 1080 through scaling, not native 1080. It is much sharper and clearer in it's native 1360x768 (720p) resolution.	BrandXYZ LCD televisions offer unrivaled value and video performance to view HD video in stunning 720p. Vibrant picture and clarity are hallmarks of the entire lineup that may be wall mounted, placed in an armoire or on a table stand. Bring your TV room to life with bright and beautiful images
20869	Good Gaming Monitor	Bought this to replace an HP 22" that did 1680x1050. I wanted a TV for the kids play room that would work as a computer monitor. I found this at a local wharehouse type members only store for 349 and thought I'd try it even though I usually wait for the reviews to come out. I am very happy with the computer monitor function and the HDMI input allows me to use an upconverting dvd player without having to run additional audio cables as I have no handy way of sharing the PC audio with the DVD player. I have only used it for over the air HDTV not via cable, so I can't speak to that, but it functions very well with over the air HDTV. I did notice that it has an USB service port, so anything that may come up can be addressed by putting new firmware on it hopefully. Overall, I am very happy with this purchase and can only assume that the store priced it as a P2570 versus the P2570HD. It seems very cheap considering how expensive LCD 26" TVs still are (same price as this) and that it really looks great as a monitor for the PC. Slight light bleed from top and bottom when all black screen is being displayed, but not too bad. There is a remote for adjusting everything to taste and the on off button is more of a sensor where you barely touch over the indicator and it goes on or off. I am used to blue indicators and this has red ones, but that's no big deal. Great product so far. Great deal.	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2570HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch blu-ray movies. With sharp, full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful TOC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since we cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This BrandXYZ monit...
20871	Outstanding set	I am thoroughly delighted with this Samsung. I use it only as a stand alone TV, so cannot speak of it as a PC monitor. However, as a TV it is outstanding. Great colors, contrast, etc., and immediate response to remote controls. It also seems to have a QTAM tuner within as it receives the free mandated HDTV stations from cable, i.e., those for which a digital subscription is not required. Some people are not aware of this gov't requirement for cable providers. I had looked for QTAM in the specs, but had missed it if it is there. But the auto channel scan picked up these free HDTV channels. I saw that someone was looking for a manual. One can be found for downloading on the Samsung site. I know that this is a short review, but frankly, it's simply a great HDTV set.	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2570HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch blu-ray movies. With sharp, full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful TOC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since we cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This BrandXYZ monit...
20872	Best Yet	I'm not going to submit a resume foretelling my experience with electronics, but I have enough to provide a worthy review in easy terms, I hate techno nuts. I have a 3 year old 55" Sony, a 2008 32" Toshiba and now this 24.5" Samsung. By comparison, this TV is without question, Superior. I think it is a combination of evolving technology and Samsung engineering that is evident in picture, performance and ease. To keep it simple, spend the few more dollars if necessary to own this Television. We spend a lot of time in front of these things, buy a better one, and this brand is IT...for now. [...]. So if you have one and don't like it, you better not complain, or we'll talk about you. It's that good a TV.	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2570HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch blu-ray movies. With sharp, full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful TOC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since we cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This BrandXYZ monit...
20873	Nice looking TV, quality is questionable.	Got this TV 2 month ago, was very impress with the 1080p on it, not that many TV of this size offer 1080p, free HDMI cable is nice too. First time plug in and scan for all the ATSC HDTV signals and work very well, all the station come in nicely, very clear. Now comes the bad part, I see flickering when scene change, this happen in regular over the air TV signal and also via HDMI/Component connection, I test it out on DVD , Blu-rays they all have the same issue, when you watching the screen it flickers, very annoying. So this unit is going back.	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2570HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch blu-ray movies. With sharp, full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful TOC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since we cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This BrandXYZ monit...
20874	Not that great	Was really excited about this when i got it as it was not as large as a 26" and have all the right connections. Ended up returning it after 2 days. My biggest gripe was the horrible viewing angles on this thing. Any deviation from center produced a sig. faded image. So standing to play Wii on it or sitting to the side with a friend on the couch really sucked watching movies/tv. The next issue was the light leakage at the top of the monitor. Really annoying when trying to watch movies with dark images. There are better ones out there and its worth paying a bit more to get them IMO. I ended up buying a Sony Bravia and love it.	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2570HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch blu-ray movies. With sharp, full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful TOC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since we cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This BrandXYZ monit...
20870	The Samsung P2570HD; High Definition TV, Monitor & Video Player, a best value for your buck	Samsung's SyncMaster P2570HD offers plenty of inputs, a descent HD-TV monitor, basic speakers, and a remote control with all necessary features. Also, great style and very good performance are included in a panel less than 2" deep. But, no VGA cable included, no height or tilt adjustment and Samsung's website does not have an updated driver for Windows 7. Best for those of us that need (or want) a new big screen monitor that might be also be used as a TV. It is an LCD Display with 24.6 diagonal inches of screen and I paid $339.00 On Line. After searching on the Internet for reviews on the new Samsungs (not many found), decided on giving a try to this new product. Has multiple inputs; from VGA to HDMI that and an integrated TV tuner, speakers and even the power supply (connects directly to an outlet) in a fairly light device. It is an attractive device with lots of shine, transparent surfaces and a matte screen. The base is a glossy black oval with hues of red on the perimeter. A transparent glass bluish neck anchors the monitor [pic1]. The aspect ratio is 16:9 which makes it very modern looking when compared to the Apple products. The borders of the screen have a 5/16" clear area [pic4] and on the rear, all input jacks are recessed about one inch and face backwards, not downwards like other monitors/TVs [pic6]. This can make hard flush wall mounting the device. Two small speakers face downward and there is an 18" area on the rear upper part for heat dissipation (remember that the power supply is inside the device). I tested the monitor with a 2002 Dell XPS running Windows 7 [pic3]. Tried to get an updated driver for the new OS but none yet available. Refresh rate was awesome, colors were bright, blacks were not seen and no distortion or bleeding of the screen was noted. In order to "stress" the video card to its limits (plus the shared RAM), was able to work with eight screens at the same time and even play a DVD trough the WMP-11 and at the same time, play that same movie stored on an External HDD trough VLC [pic5]; no problems! Then decided to customize the settings for the display and used the remote control for this (instead of the touch sensing buttons on the lower R front area). The Remote [pic5] is quite intuitive and settings were very easy to adjust for optimum viewing. Brightness and contrast had to be decreased to 67% compared with the factory settings which were 80% for both. Something unexpected, when switching from a regular 17 inch LCD monitor to this big screen, the mouse needs more area to properly work. Otherwise, adjustments need to be made for said device but I'll try that later. After one month of using my Samsung P2570HD solely as a Computer Monitor, I connected it to the cable TV and DVP player to evaluate its performance. Because neither the DVR nor DVD player had more than one HDMI outputs, the comparison needed to be done by stages. The cable from my Cable TV provider [not the DVR/descrambler] was directly connected to the TV input of the Samsung and auto scan was programmed [pic7]. Then, searched for a TV transmission in High Definition [pic9]. Connected the Philips DVD player to the Samsung and to my 40" Sony Bravia LCD. First trough Composite [pic3] and later trough HDMI [pic 10]. Compared picture quality and trough the "custom" setting, tried to make the image of the Samsung as close as possible to the Bravia [pic 11]. The screen adjustments were made using a specific scene from Zefirelli's Traviatta because the only illumination for Violetta's party scene is by candles. On the second configuration [pic12] adjustments were not necessary since the Samsung had been connected through its HDMI input. Results: 1. As a stand along TV set, the television picture quality is great with plenty of adjustments for us to customize to specific room/ambience[s]. 2. The TV itself took about seven minutes to scan the 900 channels of my Cable TV provider and classify them as High Definition or "normal". Worth to mention that the auto scan did not select any inactive or scrambled channels; great! 3. The audio is not the best on the lower frequencies since the speakers are fairly small and face downwards. But, this device is intended to be used mainly as a TV/Monitor with external speakers and supplemental bass boost. So the bass module or subwoofer of your computer's audio devices compensates those modest integrated speakers. 4. Having so many input alternatives, users can select the one (or the best one) for the source device(s) be HDMI, Composite, S-VHS or even the regular three prongs A/V [pic6]. Compared with the LCD Sony Bravia: 1. The screen of this 25 inch (24.6 actually) monitor/TV is almost 2/3 the size of the 40 inch Bravia. 2. As expected, trough Composite, picture quality of the Samsung is lower than the Sony [pic10]but thanks to the many adjustable settings, I was able to almost have the same display in both devices [pic11]. 3. Trough HDMI, the Bravia picture is still better [pic12] because of its size and Sony markets the Bravia as a TV, not a TV/computer monitor. Conclusion: As a stand along TV, the p2570HD is a great device and will not disappoint anyone as long as they do the proper connections and setting adjustments. As a video playing device it performs excellently especially trough its HDMI input. Composite is almost as good but you have to see what output capabilities your specific equipment has. As a computer monitor has been performing in an excellent way, especially with a new inexpensive EVGA GeForce card that increased the WEP from 3.5 to 4.9 Having stated all this I would recommend this device to be used for anyone who wants a great Computer Monitor to be used in a home office that occasionally will become a guest room. Have not mentioned but the Remote is quite handy allowing users to switch between devices and even adjusting picture, contrast and so many other features that will take users to the optimum viewing situation. If you are looking for a TV that can be used as a monitor or hooked to your computer, perhaps, there are some other better alternatives but that was not my need. Pic2 shows you a size comparison with a 10" NetBook and the I-Phone. In September, read that a specific warehouse was selling this device for $350.00. I called all of them within a 50 mile radius of downtown Seattle and none had it. While you decide on which monitor/TV is best for your needs, here are some photos of the monitor so you can see what it looks like since obviously, you are considering it. As a monitor and DVD playback device, I would give it five stars. As a TV, would give it only fur because of the speakers. Overall, the Samsung p2570HD is a great device and most of the consumers will find a place/setting for its optimum use. And also, works perfectly with Windows 7. Have fun searching for your next Monitor/TV and hope that this review was useful for your selection.	Now you can take a break from work and watch HDTV. The P2570HD monitor features a built-in 1080p digital HDTV tuner - which means you can play high definition games and watch blu-ray movies. With sharp, full HD images, you'll be amazed at the quality. It also has a beautiful TOC design and crystal clear neck with ultra-slim dimensions. Plus it's Energy Star rated so it uses 50% less energy and RoHs compliant since we cut down hazardous materials during the production process. This BrandXYZ monit...
20879	I'm impressed!	The Garmin nuvi 285WT is a winner. The case for the Garmin 285WT is sleek shiny black plastic. The case seems very sturdy - in fact all the pieces appear to be made of quality plastic. It comes with the power adapter for the car, and a USB cable to hook up to your computer. (Some of the less expensive Garmins do not come with the USB cable, which is a problem because you need a USB cable to register the unit.) Pros: The unit was extremely easy to set up. Upon first use, it guides you through set-up, which is simple. The icons on the screen are simple and intuitive. I started using it without even reading the directions. After the initial settings are entered, it sets about finding the local satellites. I told it to skip that step, since I was just hooking it up to a wall charger (sold separately) to charge the batteries. Not only did it go ahead and find the satellites, it found them while sitting on my kitchen table. I don't know how it did that, but it did. There are green bars in the corner of the display showing you how many satellites have been acquired. There it was, displaying all four green bars after just a few minutes. That was impressive. In the car, it locks onto the satellites extremely fast. It is much faster to find the signals than my friend's TomTom 910. To be fair, the TomTom is an older unit, but it was a much more expensive unit than the Garmin 285WT to begin with. I am using the default voice. It is extremely clear and easy to understand. It has only messed up on one street name, as it assumed that N Street was the same as North Street. I am not in an area where there are street names in Spanish or other languages, so I have not had the chance to find out how well it deals with those. The voice is much more understandable than the voice in the TomTom 910 (I hope my friend doesn't read this...). (The TomTom also consistently mangled Spanish street names when we took a road trip to San Jose.) If one drives past a turn that it has selected, the device instantly says "Recalculating," and immediately updates the directions. I missed a turn at night in a very dark area, (I would have had a hard time finding the alternative route) and it didn't miss a beat. The display is extremely legible both in bright sunlight and at night. I had to turn the brightness down to the minimum because it was a bit too bright at night for my taste. The plastic suction cup holds extremely well. Be sure to take the transparent protective film off of it before using. I have it mounted on a that has worked out quite well. The 285WT comes with a feature that I really like called "Where Am I?" It's an emergency location feature - you can tap the screen to get your latitude and longitude. So if you get a flat tire out in the middle of the Mohave Desert, the tow truck from Trona will be able to find you. Assuming, of course, that tow trucks from Trona also have GPS devices. Cons: It gave me bad directions one time. It was a good thing I knew the area. Since I just got this unit, I don't know how often this sort of thing will happen. I am willing to forgive in this instance, because it seems to perform so well overall. (I don't know how forgiving I'd be if I had driven miles out of my way...) Neutral: This model is Bluetooth. I don't have a Bluetooth phone (I know, I know, I am using archaic technology...) so I couldn't test that feature. The device also comes the MSN Direct (9 months free) which I found to be of very limited usefulness because I live in a rural area. I mean, c'mon, around here the 4H Club pancake breakfast at the volunteer fire department is a Big Deal, and MSN Direct is hardly going to tell me about things like that. I also don't have traffic concerns of the type that one would have in Los Angeles or San Francisco, for example. I also don't know why one needs a Doppler weather display on one's GPS, unless one is driving through Oklahoma in a thunderstorm during tornado season. It might be great for that, who knows? If you live in an urban area, don't get too excited about MSN Direct, because Microsoft has already announced that they are killing it in 2012. It was originally developed for a device called a Smart Watch, which obviously hit the market with a big belly flop, or we'd all have one. More information can be found on MSN Direct and the planned demise thereof in an October 28, 2009 article at the PC World website. All in all, I am extremely happy with this device, and recommend it without reservation. In fact, I am buying one for my son for Christmas.	This sleek widescreen navigator takes you there with preloaded maps and turn-by-turn directions that call out streets by name. It delivers real-time local weather, traffic, movie times, stock information, gas prices, news and local events as you navigate. The 285WT provides complete maps for North America and the handy Text-to-Speech feature, so you get turn-by-turn spoken directions with the real names of streets (e.g. "turn left in 50 feet at Nebraska Way", rather than merely "turn left in 50 ...
21325	So so...	This is an okay product. I read the reviews on the Red Envelope site, and they were all very positive. I uploaded a bunch of my photos and the picture was pretty decent, although the screen is sort of small for the price. I would not make a complaint about this product, but I would not rave about it either! Then, I saw the Sprectrum Digital Album on here and ordered it, for about 30 dollars more. When it arrived I was surprised...it was really sleek and modern and even came in really interesting packaging. It was much bigger, the screen is 3 times larger, the picture is much sharper, it holds more pictures, and it also can stand alone and play slide shows - doubling as a digital frame. It has such a nice cover, too...its a really sharp looking product and I will be buying lots of them for gifts. If you are looking for just a regular digital album without the wow factor, I would go for the Red Envelope product. Also, if you need a smaller product, I would go for the Red Envelope album. It would be easy to toss it in a small purse, and it is very light. But if you want something of much higher quality and are willing to spend 30 bucks more, I would check out the Spectrum Digi Album.	Digital photo fame: This digital photo frame will make a perfect gift for him or her. A great way to show off your favorite photos. From RedEnvelope.
21328	Excellent!	I love this thing! The sound is incredible, as is the noise isolation. I use with both my laptop for playing WoW with Ventrilo and my iPhone and works amazingly well. The case is nice as well. It holds everything comfortably with sections for each part, but has give so you can fit it in small places. Only possible improvement in my eyes would be an inline sound adjuster, but even without, I would gladly pay for another as is.	The BrandXYZ Moray+ mobile gaming communicator is designed for gamers who prefer to travel light and without bulky headsets. While retaining a sleek, lightweight architecture, the BrandXYZ Moray+ comes packed with a passive noise isolating in-ear earphone along with an omnidirectional inline microphone. Its powerful bass-driven stereo sound and mid/high range clarity along with 3 adapters for the PC/laptop, as well as support for the Sony PSP 2000 / 3000, Nintendo DS Lite / DSi and the Apple iPh...
20882	More costs than meet the eye?	From [...]: Question: I am looking at the 285wt and was wondering if it will act like the 265wt. There are so many 2x5's it's hard to keep it all straight. Garmins website doesn't offer any information regarding the 285wt since it appears to be a BestBuy only unit. Anyone own one, how does it compare? Answer: Normally a model with an 8 in the number would indicate that it comes with an MSN Direct adapter cable and support MSN Direct traffic. This would be the only difference between it and a model with a 6 number. So normally a 285 would be a 265 with MSN Direct in place of the normal TMC or Navteq traffic. In this case it looks like it is actually a device that was specifically made for Best Buy. I found this user review on their website which appears to explain the difference between the 2 models: "This is a great product that was expressly made for Best Buy. It has several features over and above the 265WT, however a big word of caution. While all the other Garmin 2xxWT units come with free lifetime traffic, this unit requires a subscription (annual or lifetime) to MSN Direct. The added cost far outstrips the cost of the 265WT. Get the 265WT - it's worth it." So it does appear that the Garmin "naming convention" holds here as well. The 285 is a 265 with MSN Direct.	This sleek widescreen navigator takes you there with preloaded maps and turn-by-turn directions that call out streets by name. It delivers real-time local weather, traffic, movie times, stock information, gas prices, news and local events as you navigate. The 285WT provides complete maps for North America and the handy Text-to-Speech feature, so you get turn-by-turn spoken directions with the real names of streets (e.g. "turn left in 50 feet at Nebraska Way", rather than merely "turn left in 50 ...
20886	Great GPS	I saw the low star ratings because of the MSN Direct shutdown in 2012. I don't see down rating several stars on a GPS because of such a accessory service which you can get other ways if you really need it. I see this as a great GPS and that is all it needs to be.	This sleek widescreen navigator takes you there with preloaded maps and turn-by-turn directions that call out streets by name. It delivers real-time local weather, traffic, movie times, stock information, gas prices, news and local events as you navigate. The 285WT provides complete maps for North America and the handy Text-to-Speech feature, so you get turn-by-turn spoken directions with the real names of streets (e.g. "turn left in 50 feet at Nebraska Way", rather than merely "turn left in 50 ...
21315	Visit your local dealer before you purchase this TV	I hate to ruin these nice reviews but my husband and I almost purchased this TV based on the reviews before going to see the picture quality at our local dealer. The quality, in my opinion, was good but not great for a product you will probably want to have for a long time considering it is a 73" TV. Our local dealer told us that this TV is not the same as the 737 although I thought they looked pretty similar in terms of picture quality. The 837 Mitsubishi Diamond, however, had significant improved picture quality with a feature our dealer explained to be a black and white contrast enhancement which makes the blacks look blacker and the whites look whiter. The picture quality was OUTSTANDING! <<in my opinion. This TV was a bit more expensive, but not much considering we will never need a larger size TV as the 73" is huge. This model does have the 3D capability as all 3 of the Mitsubishi models have it. Anyway, I hope this review was helpful.	With picture perfomance that outpaces today's smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 to 82 Inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TV's define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
20887	Great unit, with one caveat.	The unit is great but seeing as it uses the MSN Direct service there might be a problem since I read where Microsoft is discontinuing the service in 2012.	This sleek widescreen navigator takes you there with preloaded maps and turn-by-turn directions that call out streets by name. It delivers real-time local weather, traffic, movie times, stock information, gas prices, news and local events as you navigate. The 285WT provides complete maps for North America and the handy Text-to-Speech feature, so you get turn-by-turn spoken directions with the real names of streets (e.g. "turn left in 50 feet at Nebraska Way", rather than merely "turn left in 50 ...
21320	EXCELLENT !!	I hooked this up to my Onkyo TX-NR906 Receiver and Sharp LC-46D-64U it was a seamless connection except for a few setting changes.. This Onkyo DV-BD507 is so simple to set up.. I'm not a tech freak but I do have two older Blu-Ray players Sony BDP-S1 & Sharp HP20U They both have great Blu-Ray pictures and excellent up scaling to 1080P.. But this new Onkyo BD507 to me is above excellent on the Blu-Ray movies and the up scaling to 1080P on regular DVD's.. Thanks again Amazon !!	As BrandXYZ's most advanced Blu-ray Disc player yet, the DV-BD507 raises the bar for home theater playback. Naturally, it accepts any Blu-ray Disc and sends a full high-definition 1080p signal?via HDMI 1.3a?to your compatible display or A/V receiver. What?s more, it can also upscale lower-resolution DVD sources to 1080p to match your HD display. Along with various flavors of DVD and CD, the DV-BD507 handles AVCHD video clips stored on an SD/SDHC Card or DVD?R/RW. The unsurpassed video quality of...
20889	Another great GPS from Garmin - with nine months of MSN direct!	Having now used three different brands of GPS, I can confidently say that Garmin consistently has the best maps. I travel a lot and haven't yet found an address the Garmin can't find. With my old Mio and Nextar that was a problem. The 4.3 inch screen is a nice mid-sized screen without being overwhelming like the new 5" and 7" gps navigators, while still being a nice improvement over the 3.5" screens. This particular Garmin includes the MSN traffic reciever and nine months of service. The street name feature was probably the most important feature for ease of use and driver safety. Many, many voices are included and you can even update your GPS at the Garmin web site to add additional voices, including many options in English both by gender and nationality. The text to speech feature allows me to keep my eyes on the road rather than reading the street names to make sure I was making the correct left turn. The satellite fix is very fast, in fact faster than any other brand I've used. It pinpoints my location almost instantly and doesn't have a noticeable lag. The MSN direct is a great service, and although there are a lot of reviews complaining that it ends in Janaury 2012, to me that is not a big deal. So, I'll be able to use the MSN direct for two years. That is all I would be expecting anyway since services change. I assume there will be something better by then. MSN direct also extended the trial service from 3 months to 9 months, so I'm set for a while. A twelve-month subscription runs $49.99-- well worth it! My two complaints with the MSN direct service is that the flight tracker is not useful at all. It has a limited amount of airlines and flights in the service, and the important times I've used it at the airport, the flights I needed to track were not in there. Also, the news is only a headline with a sentence. The MSN direct weather service is amazing. I get the forecast, a multi-day forecast, warnings, and can view the radar including rain and snow. The severity of the weather is indicated with colors. I can see what the weather is like in a particular city before I get there. The radar can also be expanded so I can view weather along the way for even two hundred miles. The slideshow feature is nice and I have a few photos loaded. I wish Garmin had included a utility to automatically resize and/or crop my photos like most digital picture frames have. It's just too time consuming to edit my photos so they will fill the screen so I haven't taken full advantage of that yet. Still, it's nice to have pictures of my family that I can view and share with friends and associates. One last thing, even though the cord is bulky and oversized for a vehicle, I understand that they have built in the MSN direct receiever to the cord so there is no way to change this if you plan to use MSN direct. If you lose the cord or it breaks, MSN can't transfer your remaining months to a new cord, and the cords run around $100. Bluetooth update: I tried out the bluetooth feature. When receiving an incoming call and using the bluetooth feature on the GPS the callers hear themselves talking. Also, switching between my plantronics bluetooth and this, there was a noticable drop in volume using the Garmin as a bluetooth. For that reason, I would only recommend this as a backup bluetooth, for example, in case your bluetooth loses charge and it's against the law to talk and hold a phone. You'll have to talk louder for the caller to hear you properly.	This sleek widescreen navigator takes you there with preloaded maps and turn-by-turn directions that call out streets by name. It delivers real-time local weather, traffic, movie times, stock information, gas prices, news and local events as you navigate. The 285WT provides complete maps for North America and the handy Text-to-Speech feature, so you get turn-by-turn spoken directions with the real names of streets (e.g. "turn left in 50 feet at Nebraska Way", rather than merely "turn left in 50 ...
20891	The new base level Garmin for your needs	Earlier this year, my numerous trips around the Twin Cities and into Greater Minnesota convinced me that I needed additional help navigating the North Star State. So after doing some research, I obtained a base level Garmin and started using it immediately on expeditions all over the Cities and beyond. It became my indispensable companion. This 285W reviewed here is my second Garmin unit. The 285W is, really a base level Garmin unit similar to my first. Single point routing, text to speech turn by turn directions, accurate and detailed maps of the US and Canada, and classic Garmin reliability in getting you where you need to go. A nice widescreen (which is really the way to go with these devices, IMO). In those respects, the unit is exactly the same as my first unit, and provides a base level experience for any user. On those features alone, I would recommend this unit to anyone wanting to take the plunge into the world of having a navigation device. The 285W does have two additional features that put it at the high end of the base level Garmin units: Bluetooth: The 285w is bluetooth enabled and allows for pairing with and taking on the features of a bluetooth compatible phone. While I don't like answering and using cell phones in a moving vehicle as a general rule, the bluetooth pairing worked perfectly for me. And I do admit that using the garmin to make and receive calls is a lot safer than fumbling with a handheld phone. MSN Direct Traffic: The traffic feature is somewhat more problematic, although this is not really Garmin's fault per se. The traffic feature on this model uses MSN Direct, and comes with a 3 month trial subscription. The subscription is fine, and I suspect that would be even more useful for those who live in more densely packed areas with larger coverage than the Twin Cities, Minnesota. The problem is not that after 3 months you have to pay for the service (its MSN's service, not Garmin's). The problem is that MSN's service is going away at the end of 2011. Purchasing this unit and purchasing a subscription you can certainly do, but the MSN service will only last until then, and then the device will essentially be without the traffic feature, unless you purchase an additional device from Garmin that gives you access to the NAVTEQ traffic system (this is a one time purchase that replaces your charger with a receiver/charger and as of December 2009 has a list price of $120). Again, the fact that MSN's service is going away is not Garmin's fault, but its something to consider before obtaining this device. If you just want to use it for the base Garmin features and the Bluetooth, you're golden. Buy this and be happy. If you are looking for a solution that includes traffic updates reliably, I would recommend one of the Garmin units that comes with traffic such as the 760 and 770 models. Aside from the traffic issue, I have absolutely no complaints about the product. Garmin devices such as this one simply make my driving and travel better, which is something valuable in this day and age. Period and end of the story. This is my second Garmin, and I daresay it will not be my last.	This sleek widescreen navigator takes you there with preloaded maps and turn-by-turn directions that call out streets by name. It delivers real-time local weather, traffic, movie times, stock information, gas prices, news and local events as you navigate. The 285WT provides complete maps for North America and the handy Text-to-Speech feature, so you get turn-by-turn spoken directions with the real names of streets (e.g. "turn left in 50 feet at Nebraska Way", rather than merely "turn left in 50 ...
20893	great navigation	I've Garmin C330, nuvi360, Sony unit and this one. I hate sony, and for me Garmin units are the only ones worthy of consideration. I have tested my new nuvi 285W extensively and just all the previous models works great, picks up satelite signals very quickly after being turned on and keep them solid. I know already i can depend on it just like on all of my garmin.	This sleek widescreen navigator takes you there with preloaded maps and turn-by-turn directions that call out streets by name. It delivers real-time local weather, traffic, movie times, stock information, gas prices, news and local events as you navigate. The 285WT provides complete maps for North America and the handy Text-to-Speech feature, so you get turn-by-turn spoken directions with the real names of streets (e.g. "turn left in 50 feet at Nebraska Way", rather than merely "turn left in 50 ...
20950	Creative Aurvana Over The Ear Phones	Sound quality better than average, not as good as ear buds but ear buds make my ears sore. These are very comfortable. The wires that go over your ears are fragile as are the hinges used for fitting. Everything taken into consideration, this product is over priced. A problem with this or any Ceative product to keep in mind is there is no technical support.	The Aurvana Air is clearly in a class of its own. Crafted with precision, the earphones' very own EaseFit ear-hook design offers a secure music listening experience. Its lightweight Flexnium ear-hook leverages on Nickel-Titanium alloy (Shape Memory Metal) to offer a flexible and robust design. This is well-complemented by luxurious champagne-gold finishing and polished metal accent to give it an air of timeless sophistication.Get ready for a visceral acoustic performance with the powerful Neodym...
20896	glad i switched	i hade a tomtom , it worked really good, it was gift and my first gps, after i got my garmin , the bigger screen, the spoken street names where to turn was a great improvement, not really easier to use, but im not used to it yet, i like it so far, it is a whole lot clearer in bright lights,i saved alot of money by purchasing my garmin thru amazon	This sleek widescreen navigator takes you there with preloaded maps and turn-by-turn directions that call out streets by name. It delivers real-time local weather, traffic, movie times, stock information, gas prices, news and local events as you navigate. The 285WT provides complete maps for North America and the handy Text-to-Speech feature, so you get turn-by-turn spoken directions with the real names of streets (e.g. "turn left in 50 feet at Nebraska Way", rather than merely "turn left in 50 ...
21323	It works, after some tinkering	This board requires an 8 pin EPS connector, though the manual says that you can use only the 4pin, it did not work for me. No adapter is included, which would be nice since this isn't standard among 785 boards. What made me come back to give it a poor review is that bios updates are distributed as self-extracting .exe files. I don't run windows and therefore I specifically checked the manual beforehand to make sure that the bios had a build in firmware upgrade utility. It does, but it's pretty pointless if there's no way to get the files. The product works, construction of the motherboard itself seems good, though the back panel is the chintziest I've ever seen. The manual has some good diagrams explaining which slots share bandwidth. I was surprised that using the PCIe slot disables two of the PCI slots. The written portions of the manual are nearly incomprehensible. I wish I had bought a different product that didn't require me to use an adapter, and didn't require me to involve another computer to extract the bios updates.	BrandXYZ GA-MA785G-UD3H Socket AM2+AM3/AMD 785G/4DDR2-1333/ATI Hybrid CrossFireX/GbE/Raid/HDMI ATX Motherboard
20897	Garmin 285WT is an excellent product	This is a great unit if you want a GPS that gets you from point A to B. Alot of the neg reviews are from the fact that the MSN traffic is going away. Well I wasn't going to pay an extra $50/month for that service anyway. Picked this up for $129 during Amazon's deal-of-the-day, and am very happy with it. Intuitive, easy to operate, not a bunch of options that gets in the way. Voice speaks street names clearly, volume is just right. Overall excellent product. There are bells and whistles as well, Bluetooth, FM tranmitter, picture, etc. But the only feature I'm using is the Bluetooth, no need for the other stuff. If you need traffic updates, get the 265WT, but from what I've heard, traffic accuracy is spotty, and you'll have to deal with advertising.	This sleek widescreen navigator takes you there with preloaded maps and turn-by-turn directions that call out streets by name. It delivers real-time local weather, traffic, movie times, stock information, gas prices, news and local events as you navigate. The 285WT provides complete maps for North America and the handy Text-to-Speech feature, so you get turn-by-turn spoken directions with the real names of streets (e.g. "turn left in 50 feet at Nebraska Way", rather than merely "turn left in 50 ...
20901	What a Nice Little Gadget	In my wildest dreams I never thought I'd ever want or need a GPS unit to tell me where I am or where I want or need to go. I've never used the map feature in my iPhone. Sure I print out maps from Yahoo sometimes, but I have an AAA atlas that I use when I'm on the road. Who could ask for anything more. Sometimes technology is just a bit too much and goes overboard. Or so I thought. This little baby has changed my mind. First of the hands free phone talking in the car works a treat and I use it a lot. That alone, for me, is worth the price. Setting up the GPS couldn't have been easier. It found the satellites quickly and it found where I was too. Using this little unit is very intuitive, the talking voice is not monotonous which I thought it would be and navigating is a breeze. It's just amazing what I was missing with my old car and atlas. Now I feel like I've really moved into the 21st Century.	This sleek widescreen navigator takes you there with preloaded maps and turn-by-turn directions that call out streets by name. It delivers real-time local weather, traffic, movie times, stock information, gas prices, news and local events as you navigate. The 285WT provides complete maps for North America and the handy Text-to-Speech feature, so you get turn-by-turn spoken directions with the real names of streets (e.g. "turn left in 50 feet at Nebraska Way", rather than merely "turn left in 50 ...
20951	Best headphones for gym yet!	Currently I think these are the best headphones on the market for active persons who want good sound quality. I would rate the sound quality a 7.5/8 and fit a solid 9. I am not an expert, but over the past two years I have tried Bang & Olufsen, Shure, Klipsch, Sony, & Nike for a work out headphone solution. All failed except for the Bang & Olufsen A8's which have incredible sound, but the fit slowly started to fail after 3 months to where they keep falling off due to lose hinges. In ear headphones fall out as soon as you sweat and in ear/over ear combos never fit right or sound quality was 4 or less. The Aurvana sound almost as good as the B&O's (bass response not as good), but the fit is even better. Plus I don't think they will loosen over time because they do not have a hinge like the B&G's. They stay on no matter what and sound great. A quick comment on the previous review. How does customer support have any relevance to these headphones? You plug them in and listen.	The Aurvana Air is clearly in a class of its own. Crafted with precision, the earphones' very own EaseFit ear-hook design offers a secure music listening experience. Its lightweight Flexnium ear-hook leverages on Nickel-Titanium alloy (Shape Memory Metal) to offer a flexible and robust design. This is well-complemented by luxurious champagne-gold finishing and polished metal accent to give it an air of timeless sophistication.Get ready for a visceral acoustic performance with the powerful Neodym...
20952	not worth the trouble	The Aurvana Air listening devices are ok, but if you want any customer service anymore from Creative Labs forget about it. All I can say is Creative used to be good with their customer service, but they like a lot of other providers no longer have that as a part of the business	The Aurvana Air is clearly in a class of its own. Crafted with precision, the earphones' very own EaseFit ear-hook design offers a secure music listening experience. Its lightweight Flexnium ear-hook leverages on Nickel-Titanium alloy (Shape Memory Metal) to offer a flexible and robust design. This is well-complemented by luxurious champagne-gold finishing and polished metal accent to give it an air of timeless sophistication.Get ready for a visceral acoustic performance with the powerful Neodym...
20958	Great Low Priced DLP Projector	PROS: This projector was purchased to replace my old Proxima Projector with a burnt out bulb. (Same cost for new projector vs. replacement bulb) I have it ceiling mounted at 14' from screen with a 96" diagonal screen. The picture is large and bright. The setup was very quick once you realize to use the arrow keys in the middle and not the ones on top. Use the "Auto" Setting for picture size and you'll always have the largest picture when switching from TV to DVD. The projector has a 3k lamp life in Bright mode and 4k in Normal. Bright is great for daytime viewing, but Normal is more than enough for Night time viewing. The projector will also give you a warning when your within 30 hours of the end of the buld life. Overall Great Picture Quality and Size especially for the price. CONS: I didn't know that you need a special adaptor when doing a Ceiling Mount. My old projector was mounted with 1 screw and the Optima projector requires a 3 Screw mounting plate adaptor. (Needs to be purchased seperately)	BrandXYZ Ex532 Ex532 Multimedia Projector
20959	Optoma EX532 2800 Lumens 1024 x 768 Projector	I purchased this unit to be used in a classroom setting with my 10" Netbook. The 2800 lumens works very well in a daylight environment with brilliant color images. The sound output is a little weak and needs external speakers when presenting with sound. Optoma EX532 2800 Lumens 1024 x 768 XGA 3000:1 DLP Projector 2800 ANSI Lumens 1024 x 768 Native Resolution 4:3 Native Aspect Ratio 3000:1 Contrast Ratio SPECIFICATIONS General Aspect Ratio: 4:3 (Native); 16:9 Brightness (ANSI Lumens): 2800 ANSI Lumens Contrast Ratio: 3000:1 Display Type: 0.55" DLP Resolution (Native / Max): XGA (1024 x 768) UXGA (1600 x 1200) Video Compatibility: NTSC, PAL, PAL-M, PAL-N, SECAM, HDTV (720p, 1080i, 1080p), SDTV (480i, 480p, 576i, 576p) Projection Lens: F = 2.5 - 2.7 f = 21.8 - 24mm Number of Colors: 1.07 Billion Colors Size Dimensions (WxHxD): 11.0in. x 3.1in. x 8.1in. Weight: 5.6 lbs.	BrandXYZ Ex532 Ex532 Multimedia Projector
20962	it rocks	the best cooler you can buy actually, just save your effort and the space needed inside and buy this cooler, on i7 920 @ 4.0 GHZ idle is 49 to 50 c and load is on 72 - 74 c , knowing that i live in egypt and its really so hot in here, yet this cooler is amazing, make sure u have enough ventaliation in your case.	The BrandXYZ Cooling Hydro Series H50 high-performance CPU Cooler is quiet, easy to install and outperforms even high-end air coolers. You get superior cooling for improved overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional water-cooling systems.The simple, closed-loop design delivers the power of liquid cooling and the ease of installation of traditional air coolers. The H50?s small size lets you enjoy a less crowded case with better airflow, and you can use the included ultra-quiet...
20965	Ain't it Cool?	CPU temps decreased 20 degrees, It's easy to install and it's reasonably priced! What else could you ask for???	The BrandXYZ Cooling Hydro Series H50 high-performance CPU Cooler is quiet, easy to install and outperforms even high-end air coolers. You get superior cooling for improved overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional water-cooling systems.The simple, closed-loop design delivers the power of liquid cooling and the ease of installation of traditional air coolers. The H50?s small size lets you enjoy a less crowded case with better airflow, and you can use the included ultra-quiet...
20966	No Brainer, one click buy right away!	Setup running for about 6 weeks now & it's nice and quiet in the media room at church. It has to be quiet to run during services. Currently running i7 920 overclocked @4.0 GHZ idle is 29 to 31 c (74 degree room temp) & load is 52 - 54 c (video encoding). I did change the stock fan to an that does 2000rpm creating 79cfm. I have it installed as suggested (pulling air into the case). Keep in mind if you follow that manufacturer suggestion you better have a well ventilated (exhaust) case ( ). I plan on reversing the fan and checking operating temps (including the Northbridge) but wanted to make sure the thermal paste had time to "set" before doing so. The way this Corsair H50 is designed and installed it leaves a lot of room to work around the processor. No problems plugging in power to the motherboard or installing/removing RAM. We plan on purchasing another for the pastor's new office computer. Now I know there are other "high end" finned typed coolers out there around this price that may get the processor a couple of degrees cooler, but I'll spare the couple of degrees for quiet.	The BrandXYZ Cooling Hydro Series H50 high-performance CPU Cooler is quiet, easy to install and outperforms even high-end air coolers. You get superior cooling for improved overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional water-cooling systems.The simple, closed-loop design delivers the power of liquid cooling and the ease of installation of traditional air coolers. The H50?s small size lets you enjoy a less crowded case with better airflow, and you can use the included ultra-quiet...
20967	Excellent for the Hydro Beginner	Having never utilized a liquid cooling product for my PC before, I was a bit apprehensive about using it. However, the manufacturer is reputable and independent benchmarks indicate the H50 as a competitive alternative to air coolers. First, my part/spec list: -DX58SO Intel Motherboard -i7 920 Intel Processor -6gb OCZ Gold DDR3 1600 -Antec Nine Hundred Case (1st series) Installation for the 1366 processor was a snap. The bracket was included and thermal paste was pre-applied to the heatsink. The only snag I ran into was during the "twisting" of the heatsink into the bracket. You may have to hold the heatsink onto the processor while you screw down the bracket. Not overly difficult, but time consuming. The fan/radiator installation was also easy as long as your case supports the 120mm size requirement. Performance-wise, my 920 is running <30?C at idle and default speeds. During normal use, it appears to get closer to 40?. I have yet to try overclocking, but I still have plenty of headroom to use. Also, the fan is very quiet. Actually, my 200mm case fan and GPU fan are making more noise than the Corsair unit. Granted, I don't keep the fan speed maxed at this point but I have no need to, either. In the end, I've been very pleased with the Corsair H50. I will be stressing it further in the future as I attempt some minor overclock with the 920 but I don't anticipate any issues at this time. I've heard that you could probably get better performance from some push/pull air coolers but I see the H50 as a very valid (and simple) solution.	The BrandXYZ Cooling Hydro Series H50 high-performance CPU Cooler is quiet, easy to install and outperforms even high-end air coolers. You get superior cooling for improved overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional water-cooling systems.The simple, closed-loop design delivers the power of liquid cooling and the ease of installation of traditional air coolers. The H50?s small size lets you enjoy a less crowded case with better airflow, and you can use the included ultra-quiet...
20968	GREAT CPU COOLER	This CPU cooler is Awesome, I run idle on a i7 920 CPU at 40c and 60c at full load using prime95, I replaced the Thermal compund with artic silver 5 and I think it makes a bigger difference. I am using a push pull on my unit and it runs great.	The BrandXYZ Cooling Hydro Series H50 high-performance CPU Cooler is quiet, easy to install and outperforms even high-end air coolers. You get superior cooling for improved overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional water-cooling systems.The simple, closed-loop design delivers the power of liquid cooling and the ease of installation of traditional air coolers. The H50?s small size lets you enjoy a less crowded case with better airflow, and you can use the included ultra-quiet...
20969	Great Way to Start Water Cooling	First off, it works. It delivers effective cooling to your CPU while reducing system noise. Installation is doable, but a bit of a pain. My advice is lay your hands on a good file and round the edges off of the tabs on the base unit. That will save a fair amount of swearing and aggravation. As noted by others, the fan is weak. If you don not replace it, it will still cool sufficiently. If you do replace it, it will cool brilliantly.	The BrandXYZ Cooling Hydro Series H50 high-performance CPU Cooler is quiet, easy to install and outperforms even high-end air coolers. You get superior cooling for improved overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional water-cooling systems.The simple, closed-loop design delivers the power of liquid cooling and the ease of installation of traditional air coolers. The H50?s small size lets you enjoy a less crowded case with better airflow, and you can use the included ultra-quiet...
20970	What a cooler! The H50 rocks!	I knew I had a bit of a cooling problem for my newly built Core i7 920, so my first attempt was buying one of those large aluminum radiators with fans. When I received it, I noticed that this was going to be a lot of stress on the system board, especially since my board is in a tower and placed vertically. The coolers of this nature are simply HUGE and took up any space that was remaining. Now, enter the H50! I sent that monstrocity back to the reseller and didn't even open the package. Other reviews of the H50 do it justice! There just isn't much better of a cooler than this device from Corsair, unless you go open-liquid cooling with waterblocks, etc. The H50 took my Core i7 920 2.66GHz which was running on OEM Intel cooling at 60C, down to 40C after the install with ambient temps around 25C (the room temp). I also went ahead and Overclocked the processor to 3.2GHz for the same temperatures. Now, the H50 does use a 120mm fan for the radiator, so if your case is using anything other than 120mm fans, you're doing to need a reducer or increaser to ensure this will work. The installation is a complete breeze, as easy as putting on a processor fan and case fan. Very good engineering in he H50.	The BrandXYZ Cooling Hydro Series H50 high-performance CPU Cooler is quiet, easy to install and outperforms even high-end air coolers. You get superior cooling for improved overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional water-cooling systems.The simple, closed-loop design delivers the power of liquid cooling and the ease of installation of traditional air coolers. The H50?s small size lets you enjoy a less crowded case with better airflow, and you can use the included ultra-quiet...
20971	A Cool 4ghz I7 920!	This is a sweet setup, cools Core i7 920 overclocked at 3.7ghz idle 39c load 53c. I replaced the 1700rpm fan with a 2700rpm silverstone fan with fan controller for higher airflow, so I could overclock to 4ghz. With ambient temp at 76f, it cooled at 34c and 55c load, when it was closer to 80f it cooled at 43c idle 70-80c at load. Test were done with 1080p encode pass1 and 2pass for 3 hours. I believe in the winter when ampbient temps are at 68f it will cool more like 29c-32c idle and 47-50c at load. It sure makes encoding fast 45-50fps pass1 and 24-32fps pass2. Quality of build is top notch, radiator solid as well. Only recomendation is to get a higher cfm fan for better cooling. For the money much better than big air cooler. Results will very depending on your case and setup. Mine was with the Lian Li pc-v351 cube case. 120mm fan pulls air from the front, radiator attatch to other side, brings cool air through radiator then out the back of the case, although the radiator for this case sticks out the side 1/2" so I had to mod the side for an opening to compensate.	The BrandXYZ Cooling Hydro Series H50 high-performance CPU Cooler is quiet, easy to install and outperforms even high-end air coolers. You get superior cooling for improved overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional water-cooling systems.The simple, closed-loop design delivers the power of liquid cooling and the ease of installation of traditional air coolers. The H50?s small size lets you enjoy a less crowded case with better airflow, and you can use the included ultra-quiet...
20972	No 1156 Bracket included	I ordered this item after checking on the Corsair website that the product would work with the 1156 socket. However, this product doesn't come with the bracket to allow that. On the corsair web site forum they say the 1156 bracket will be available soon, but that doesn't help me today. Also their tone in the thread on their forum leaves a little to be desired to say the least.	The BrandXYZ Cooling Hydro Series H50 high-performance CPU Cooler is quiet, easy to install and outperforms even high-end air coolers. You get superior cooling for improved overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional water-cooling systems.The simple, closed-loop design delivers the power of liquid cooling and the ease of installation of traditional air coolers. The H50?s small size lets you enjoy a less crowded case with better airflow, and you can use the included ultra-quiet...
20974	Great Product for Some	I purchased this product because I have a Dell 755 Optiplex at home that has a BTX motherboard installed in the case. Now, for those of you who don't know, BTX mother boards are inverted and generally use a heatsink cover connected directly to a 120mm case fan for cooling. This system is very efficient, however it takes up loads of space. I need that space for a big juicy video card. So, after reading a few reviews and looking at size specifications I had determined that the H50 was the perfect solution to my space problem. I would remove the giant heatsink/duct system and in return have enough space to install my brand new 4890 1GB. My plans were halted when I discovered that Corsair does not support BTX motherboards even if they have LGA 775 socket processor. I also discovered that you need to order and pay for the shipping of the AM2/AM3 brackets if you need them. I'm severely disappointed in the documentation for this product as the BTX form factor is a very popular one amongst OEM manufacturers. It's very unusual for Corsair to be so careless as they are usually so good about producing high quality products with adequate documentation. I have decided to purchase a new case and motherboard for my computer. The H50 when used with the proper motherboard is a very good product. It provides an effortless solution for liquid cooling, and after purchasing my new case and motherboard I'm very pleased with this product.	The BrandXYZ Cooling Hydro Series H50 high-performance CPU Cooler is quiet, easy to install and outperforms even high-end air coolers. You get superior cooling for improved overclocking performance without the complexity of traditional water-cooling systems.The simple, closed-loop design delivers the power of liquid cooling and the ease of installation of traditional air coolers. The H50?s small size lets you enjoy a less crowded case with better airflow, and you can use the included ultra-quiet...
20975	Nice chipset, but buy the other model	Basically a nice board, though it's pretty big. Be aware, though, that this is the "low power" model, which is achieved by underclocking the core from 600 mHz to 550 mHz. You're better off buying the Galaxy 98TFF6HUUEXX or 98TFF6HUUEXU (those 2 are same card, AFAICT) -- those cards run at 600 mHz, and you can always underclock it yourself.	BrandXYZ GeForce 9800GT DDR3 512MB PCI-E Graphics Card
20978	It's cheap and you may not get what you pay for	1. The button that secures the baffle to the box broke the second time we used it. Lets face it, assistants who are in a hurry to tear down are not going to look at that flimsy button and figure that if they're not really careful, it may break. Most of them may not even be old enough to remember how many times shirts made with higher quality materials were ruined by those types of metallic clasp buttons that would rather tear the fabric than unbutton. For a note, the retailer said he mentioned to me not to remove the baffle when tearing down, but I don't remember it and not removing it doesn't make it not crap. He mentioned that this was the second of four that came back because of this issue. As far as I know, Creative Light just started shipping in the USA so those other 2 may very well go back as well. I mean, it's enough of an issue that the retailer gives a warning? I was so upset that he even recommended it to me. I was seduced by the low price. 2. The rods are very thin and kinked a little. I set it up for a test shoot, about 100 frames, 45mins. Then I brought it to do a location shoot, 3 days. When I returned the box, I noticed that some of the rods were kinked. I'm lucky the retailer I bought it from was willing to take the box back. The rods are thinner than others I use. 3. There are no sleeves for the rods on the box. There is only 1 small loop about 1cm in length in which to slide the rods through and a pocket on the edge of the box to put the end of the rod in, otherwise the rods are exposed. Many times while trying to get the box open, I wondered if any of these loops, made from the same fabric as the box, would tear as the rods were getting tension put on them. They didn't, but I don't have confidence that they would last either. In my opinion, there's too much tension for just a centimeter of stitching to hold each rod in place. 4. Uneven light. With the baffle, the box metered f/14 in the center and f/10 on the edges. The Calumet box I used before was even all across. 5. Very slight yellow cast. I was shooting white on white. Subjects wore white uniforms and I was using white seamless. I noticed a very slight yellow cast when shooting with the box. The cast was not bad enough that I would return the box strictly because of that, but it was something that I noticed, especially against the lit white background. Only the main light was using the Creative Light box. 6. I've seen better speedrings. While this is not about the speedring, I've seen speedrings with hinges. I don't think Creative Lights has those. I'm going to be looking for those speedrings from now on. 7. The box is pretty deep. I kept having to remind myself that it was cheap and worth the inconvenience. I didn't measure it but it was an inconvenience that I am grateful to be rid off. The Mac group was willing to replace the box, but I had to pay shipping. Since my retailer was willing to make an exchange for me, I brought it back. However, rather than taking the exchange, I just spent more money and bought a better box. If you can be really careful with the box and you do not intend to break it down a lot, and the pictures are not commercial, I think this box may be worth while. You can throw out 3-4 of these before you've paid the price of a decent box.	Both BrandXYZ RF & FF softbox designs feature a removable interior diffuser, as well as an external diffuser. All BrandXYZ Softboxes are constructed with reinforced stitching, ensuring no light is lost through the seams. Also unique to BrandXYZ Softboxes is the use of all flexible steel rods rather than aluminum or fiberglass. The rigidity of steel maintains the shape of the softbox regardless of working conditions. Finally, rods are color coded to make assembly simple. Just match the color with...
20979	This rocks!!!	I purchased and used it for formals at at wedding and was blown away at the quality of light it puts out for the value!!! My clients may not appreciate it as much as my print sales do! Great craftsmanship.	Both BrandXYZ RF & FF softbox designs feature a removable interior diffuser, as well as an external diffuser. All BrandXYZ Softboxes are constructed with reinforced stitching, ensuring no light is lost through the seams. Also unique to BrandXYZ Softboxes is the use of all flexible steel rods rather than aluminum or fiberglass. The rigidity of steel maintains the shape of the softbox regardless of working conditions. Finally, rods are color coded to make assembly simple. Just match the color with...
21321	Works as advertised!	Amazon sent me the wrong motherboard first (Gigabyte Micro ATX version)so I contacted them the same day by email immediately. The very next day I received the correct board. As usual, I did not have to pay return shipping costs on the motherboard received first. Amazon return policy is one of the best I have encountered. I installed the new board in my Antec Sonata III 500 case and it booted up 1st time with no problems. I found the on board graphics suprisingly good. My system: Gigabyte GA-MA785G-UD3H, Mushin DDR2 1066, AMD Phenom II X4 940, Antec III Sonata III case, VISTA.	BrandXYZ GA-MA785G-UD3H Socket AM2+AM3/AMD 785G/4DDR2-1333/ATI Hybrid CrossFireX/GbE/Raid/HDMI ATX Motherboard
21322	Gigabyte makes a solid well built motherboard.	From the minute you lift this board out of the box, the heft alone shows you just the kind of quality you purchased. This board is noticeably thicker and sturdier than the other boards I own in the same market (ASRock, ASUS, MSI, Pcchips, and Intel) and even then a much cheaper older Gigabyte running an older dual core from years back. In the few years between buying gigabyte products they have imperssively improved the quality. It comes with an elaborate setup manual, good software for drivers (in case you need them), good quality cables, and very customizable and frequently upgraded bios (that allows for the overclocking and unlocking of most of the AMD Black series easily) This went into a Callisto 3.1ghz AMD chip running at regular speed and performed beautifully in games, hulu, and when attached to a HD projector (using dual screens) it handled an eight gigabyte High def copy of twilight like a pro. I even had people ask if they could buy this computer off of me. Just a note though that it seems run much faster in the final version of seven, than xp or vista (or the RC of seven)as it seems to be optimized for the newer software structure. ...and it used DDRII memory so I didn't have to spend the extra bank on newer stuff! Yay!	BrandXYZ GA-MA785G-UD3H Socket AM2+AM3/AMD 785G/4DDR2-1333/ATI Hybrid CrossFireX/GbE/Raid/HDMI ATX Motherboard
20980	So much power in such a small package!	I bought this little system to put in my living room and let rest on an end table. Originally, I intended it to just be a sleek device to look nice and produce average-quality background music, but I was stunned when I heard the sound that this could actually produce. The the bass is deep and the treble is crisp. Beyond the sound, I love what this can actually do. Aside from the radio and the ability to play music from an mp3-player, the internet radio and streaming is phenomenal. Configuration is quick and painless, and bringing content to the box is seamless. I am amazed that I can play music in my living room that's on my computer in another room. Moreover, I have the ability to access thousands of internet radio stations, should I not be satisfied by the local stations' selection. I love my Sonoro Elements. It sounds incredible, looks sharp, and has many other great features to make it a great audio system.	BrandXYZ elements W connects music lovers to 10s of thousands of worldwide Internet stations via Wi-Fi or a standard LAN cable and updates stations everyday with new and exciting selections. Designed for listeners desiring immediate access to music from around the globe, elements W enables users to find their favorite tunes by genre or geography. Elements W?s list of impressive features include the industry?s easiest-to-use interface and the highest standard OLED display, which provides a crisp,...
20981	I wanted to love this so bad! Bad service.	I purchased this radio 2 weeks ago. I couldn't get Pandora to load onto to it. Had trouble finding service, I finally had to call Reciva's UK office to get service. Pandora worked but then iRadio would not connect. I'm returning this week.	BrandXYZ elements W connects music lovers to 10s of thousands of worldwide Internet stations via Wi-Fi or a standard LAN cable and updates stations everyday with new and exciting selections. Designed for listeners desiring immediate access to music from around the globe, elements W enables users to find their favorite tunes by genre or geography. Elements W?s list of impressive features include the industry?s easiest-to-use interface and the highest standard OLED display, which provides a crisp,...
21304	WOW what a TV.....	I just purchased this TV and so far the picture is very good. I have 2 plasma's and the picture quality is better than both of those. They delivered it in less than a week, Im a huge Pittsburgh Steeler fan and I as able to watch there first game on this 73 inch TV and it was great. I would recomend this product.........	With picture perfomance that outpaces today's smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 to 82 Inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TV's define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
21305	Go big or stay at home...	Actually purchased this set from [...] on a promo including the matching 73" stand from Mits. I'm honestly surprised Costco sells any DLP sets considering how dark their picture setup was on the sales floor. I bought it 2 months ago based on the confidence taken from prior buyers experience, my own experience w/ a 2004 Samsung 61" DLP, and lastly, the review of a similar model 65" Mits in the Sept 2009 issue of Home Theater Mag. When I got it setup and began trying to adjust the picture settings to my liking, I couldn't seem to find the right combination to suit me. Fortunately, Home Theater Mag's article gave the precise user settings they employed during their testing. I tried them and, voila, excellent picture. I actually feel the picture exceeds my prior Samsung's quality, and I always raved about it. If you are happy with a 50" or smaller picture, consider all formats. But if you are drawn to a true movie experience combining picture excellence with low cost, look no further. These new Mits DLP units really perform. The web site below will show you the settings HT Mag used for their testing: http://hometheatermag.com/rearprojectiontvs/mitsubishi_wd-73837_dlp_rear-projection_hdtv/index5.html	With picture perfomance that outpaces today's smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 to 82 Inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TV's define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
20999	Great value! Great picture!	I've had this TV for a 1 1/2 months now and it has been amazing. The picture quality is outstanding - the only way you are going to get better picture is to buy an LED TV, but those have their downside as well. The built-in speakers are very weak and the audio level sometimes fluctuates a bit. That being said, if you hook it up to an external sound system you won't need the built-in speakers. This TV works extremely well with my cable box, DVD player and even my Nintendo Wii. Highly recommended.	This 42-inch HDTV complements any room's decor with its fashion forward design and dramatic java brown finish. It's feature rich with full 1080p high definition resolution and 120Hz Smooth Motion technology for beautifully bright and clear images, and includes a built-in multi-media feature enabling you to enjoy music and photos directly from your HDTV. Full 1080p resolution with wide connectivity and bonus multimedia features. Click to enlarge. Full 1080p resolution for the best picture. A 120H...
21000	Vizio... if you can afford a better TV, buy something else...	Vizio generally produces a pretty decent LCD television for a fraction of what you would pay for a big name set. However, I have now owned two Vizio LCD sets and have had issues with both of them. The first set, a 37" model I bought in 2006, couldn't toggle between HD and non-HD programming. The 42" Java finished model will produce an annoying vertical green line on the right side of the viewing area when connected to an HDMI source. The picture will also pixelate on the upper edge of the screen when not on an HD channel. I read a lot of online complaints about this model when looking for a fix. Some people complained of an issue with firmware on the HD cable box from the cable company. I checked that out, and that wasn't my issue. It certainly might be part of it, but I just returned the Vizio, bought a Samsung, and have no issues. My advice, if you can afford to spend the extra $200 to buy a Sony or Samsung, spend the money.	This 42-inch HDTV complements any room's decor with its fashion forward design and dramatic java brown finish. It's feature rich with full 1080p high definition resolution and 120Hz Smooth Motion technology for beautifully bright and clear images, and includes a built-in multi-media feature enabling you to enjoy music and photos directly from your HDTV. Full 1080p resolution with wide connectivity and bonus multimedia features. Click to enlarge. Full 1080p resolution for the best picture. A 120H...
21001	Excellent TV	Great picture. No dead pixels. I do think 120hz makes a difference in motion. Now that I've got the vt420m, I wish I'd bought the VT470m instead.	This 42-inch HDTV complements any room's decor with its fashion forward design and dramatic java brown finish. It's feature rich with full 1080p high definition resolution and 120Hz Smooth Motion technology for beautifully bright and clear images, and includes a built-in multi-media feature enabling you to enjoy music and photos directly from your HDTV. Full 1080p resolution with wide connectivity and bonus multimedia features. Click to enlarge. Full 1080p resolution for the best picture. A 120H...
21002	Absolute Nightmare	I bought my Vizio after my first SONY HDTV died after only 1 year of service. I decided that I would purchase a Vizio as it was far cheaper than a Sony and I couldn't really see what was worth paying more money if the tv would be dead within 1 year anyways. Well, it started out alright. First day with it was fine. The second day, however, the picture would begin to flicker, then go completely black, once or twice a day. It was fixed by simply turning the tv off and then on, but was still very annoying. However, the problem only got worse, and fast, degrading to the point that the picture would go out nearly once every fifteen minutes over the course of the next week. I contacted Vizio and they had no ready solution and wanted me to send my tv out for up to two months so they could try to find out what was wrong. I had absolutely no desire to ditch the tv for two months, and so I said thanks but no thanks. I have never had a good experience with and HDTV, but Vizio is the only one that was absolute crap right-out-of-the-box. I Was so frustrated I could have cried. I've now spent $3,0000 on HDTV's in the past 2 years and every single one has died in less than 12 months, but the Vizio went to crap the fastest.	This 42-inch HDTV complements any room's decor with its fashion forward design and dramatic java brown finish. It's feature rich with full 1080p high definition resolution and 120Hz Smooth Motion technology for beautifully bright and clear images, and includes a built-in multi-media feature enabling you to enjoy music and photos directly from your HDTV. Full 1080p resolution with wide connectivity and bonus multimedia features. Click to enlarge. Full 1080p resolution for the best picture. A 120H...
21007	Best mounts I have used	I have the Definitive Technology Promonitor 1000 these mounts work perfectly. The speakers weigh 8 pounds these mounts hold the speakers like a vise. I would recommend the mounts for any pair of speakers. Definitive Tech has the screw hole for the mounts on the bottom of the speakers why i dont know. Makes the speakers very heavy on top and hard for most mounts to hold them. Like i said not this set they dont move. I went through many mounts before Def Tech came out with these mounts. So i tried them and will be the last mounts i will need. Get them for and speaker you want mounted that weigh more than 5 pounds. You wont regret it.	weight capacity: 10 lbs. when mounted to a stud * swivels 180? *
21030	Ho-hum	PROS: Red looks cool. Sound quality is not the best, above average. Equalizer. Light enough to not weigh down shirt pocket. CONS: Seems hastily assembled Sticky touchscreen. Poorly responsive even after many calibration. Virtual wheel is a good concept but poorly executed. Who still uses paper decals on mp3's, or any gadgets for that matter, at this day and age? Crappy buds. Power/lock slider switch fragile as a loose deciduous tooth. First of, this is not made to sit among the giants like ZuneHD, iPod Touch 2ndG, Cowon S9, Samsung P2, or Sony Walkman X Series, so i didn't have high expectations when i preordered it last month. After all, the old addage has always been true - that you get what you pay for. However, receiving it 3 days ago and using it since was a major let down in spite of my consciously lowered expectations. The buds went to my drawer of useless cables. Then i find myself at times jabbing the screen with my finger if only to get it to respond. The virtual wheel takes some getting used to, you'll find your screen display seemingly bunjee jumping up and down instead of scrolling smoothly. If you can look past these, then you can have a toy that plays decent above average music. The price has been dropping on this thing in just a matter of days since it's release. I won't be surprised to see it discounted to $50. Archos should have paid more attention to the quality of the 3 Vision especially now that they are getting more aggressive in the market with their new lines of MID 5's and the 9 that's coing out on the 22nd of this month. In fairness to ARCHOS, they have a commendable tech support staff(i bought a plug-in from them for my 5). Take it from this old man who likes to buy these toys. There are better players out there.	The BrandXYZ 3 vision media player is a full-featured, affordable media player packed with a bright and sharp 3-inch LCD touchscreen, 8 GB of storage, and an FM transmitter. Just the ticket for making all your photos, music, and videos, truly portable. Ultra-thin design with a sharp, bright 3-inch LCD touch-screen. Click to enlarge. Matte red back metal plate for added visual flair. Browse music by title, album, artist, genre, or your own favorites. Click to enlarge. Enjoy your videos in landsca...
21031	Bit Dissapointed	This is a cool looking gadget but that is all below are the thing to watch out for: 1) Very poor product documentation 2) Very poor technical support 3) No play list function 4) Very week FM radio receiver 5) Very very very poor FM transmitter 6) Touch screen is not responsive often requiring second, third, fourth...touches before the function is accessed 7) Menu navigation needs a rethink as once you have loaded it with more artist or albums than can fit the screen, scrolling to an artist or album is very difficult 8) Very very very very crappy headphones; you need to buy a pair of decent headphones to fully appreciate the music experience 9) No carry case as yet The Pluses: 1) Excellent sound quality (playback) 2) Excellent video quality (playback) 3) Cool looks 4) High quality look and feel	The BrandXYZ 3 vision media player is a full-featured, affordable media player packed with a bright and sharp 3-inch LCD touchscreen, 8 GB of storage, and an FM transmitter. Just the ticket for making all your photos, music, and videos, truly portable. Ultra-thin design with a sharp, bright 3-inch LCD touch-screen. Click to enlarge. Matte red back metal plate for added visual flair. Browse music by title, album, artist, genre, or your own favorites. Click to enlarge. Enjoy your videos in landsca...
21032	Not ready for prime time.	I always wanted an Archos but this wasn't it. I got it for my little girl because it had a touch screen. The touch is unresponsive. Lags greatly. I wish I never bought it. I should have bought an ipod touch. Now I will still have to buy one and out 90 bucks. Live an learn. It was really hard to get video on this device and I am pretty tech savy. It was REALLY hard. It is very nice looking though. The screen is very pretty. But too much work and not enough reward. Still considering buying Archos 5. Guess I am a glutton for punishment. I wish it worked better.	The BrandXYZ 3 vision media player is a full-featured, affordable media player packed with a bright and sharp 3-inch LCD touchscreen, 8 GB of storage, and an FM transmitter. Just the ticket for making all your photos, music, and videos, truly portable. Ultra-thin design with a sharp, bright 3-inch LCD touch-screen. Click to enlarge. Matte red back metal plate for added visual flair. Browse music by title, album, artist, genre, or your own favorites. Click to enlarge. Enjoy your videos in landsca...
21033	a good player - better than average	the reason i looked for an archos player first is because my last player was an archos g-mini. i owned/used it for several years and i really appreciated it's features. after using the archos 3 vision for only 2 months, i am happy to report that it certainly meets or exceeds all of my personal expectations for an mp3 player! if you want to know more about those expectations, please read on. in order for me to be happy with an mp3 player, it must: 1. have style 2. be priced under $100 3. fit comfortably in my pockets 4. have plenty of storage space 5. give me total access to my music at all times (in all situations) 6. have better than average playback quality with a good equalizer 7. have random play by folder, artist, album and genre 8. play good quality video on occasion (for airplane rides only) i am happy with my purchase of this player! admittedly, this archos player is not perfect for everyone. the on-screen dial is certainly not the easiest navigation interface i have ever considered. if you are a teen who prefers to browse through each and every song title to consider which track is worthy of your listening time at this very moment, this player will likely frustrate you. have your parents of grandparents buy you an ipod, coverflow was made for you. if you are an adult who prefers to use random play functions because you avoid loading a bunch of crap music on your player, the on-screen dial will never be a concern for you. this player can also be used to store computer files, view pictures, listen to fm radio and a few other functions that i will never use, but those are all described well on the product page.	The BrandXYZ 3 vision media player is a full-featured, affordable media player packed with a bright and sharp 3-inch LCD touchscreen, 8 GB of storage, and an FM transmitter. Just the ticket for making all your photos, music, and videos, truly portable. Ultra-thin design with a sharp, bright 3-inch LCD touch-screen. Click to enlarge. Matte red back metal plate for added visual flair. Browse music by title, album, artist, genre, or your own favorites. Click to enlarge. Enjoy your videos in landsca...
21034	Archos 3	Great product would recommend it to anyone. No need to use my Ipod touch anymore. The recorder works great, video is clean and clear. I can go on N on but bottom line its a great player.	The BrandXYZ 3 vision media player is a full-featured, affordable media player packed with a bright and sharp 3-inch LCD touchscreen, 8 GB of storage, and an FM transmitter. Just the ticket for making all your photos, music, and videos, truly portable. Ultra-thin design with a sharp, bright 3-inch LCD touch-screen. Click to enlarge. Matte red back metal plate for added visual flair. Browse music by title, album, artist, genre, or your own favorites. Click to enlarge. Enjoy your videos in landsca...
21035	Great buy	This is a great buy. I have no complaints over this tv. Its loud enough and shows a good picture. I will buy more to hand out as Christmas presents to my family and frends.	The BrandXYZ HLT71 portable LCD TV gives you the ability to enjoy your favorite television programs anywhere, any time in your home or away. Watch the morning news without having to get out of bed, or while sun bathing in the back yard. Does someone else have dibs on the TV room? Pull out your HLT71, and you've got your own TV room. This handy little portable TV has a 7-inch LCD screen that switches between a 16:9 and 4:3 aspect ratio. It has a built-in ATSC/NTSC tuner with detachable antenna en...
21036	Awesome Package!	The color on the TV is great comes with pretty everything you need. The kit completes it though. With headphones and a splitter my kids can watch it in the living room quietly. Perfect! Go Amazon :) I bought this TV to use in an emergency here in Florida since after a hurricane we lose power for an extended period of time. The picture is so great that I ran a cable line into my kitchen and am using it as a second TV in that room. It does work better on cable then the antenna however I like the TV very much. You have to keep your stores stocked up since I have many people asking me how to get one, but your stores are always out of them. Manufacturer's Description The Haier HLT71 portable LCD TV gives you the ability to enjoy your favorite television programs anywhere, any time--in your home or away. Watch the morning news without having to get out of bed, or while sun bathing in the back yard. Does someone else have dibs on the TV room? Pull out your HLT71, and you've got your own TV room. This handy little portable TV has a 7-inch LCD screen that switches between a 16:9 and 4:3 aspect ratio. It has a built-in ATSC/NTSC tuner with detachable antenna enabling you to receive crisp reception of your favorite channels - even after the digital-to-analog switch in June 2009. The HLT71 connects to other devices with an audio/video jack and coaxial output. Watch with others using the built-in twin speaker system, or plug your headphones into the included jack to enjoy your favorite programs without disturbing those around you. The rechargeable Li-polymer battery offers up to 2.5-hours of life between charges -- enough time to watch an entire movie or several episodes of your favorite show without a recharge. The HLT71 includes an AC power adapter, a car adapter and a Remote Control.	The BrandXYZ HLT71 portable LCD TV gives you the ability to enjoy your favorite television programs anywhere, any time in your home or away. Watch the morning news without having to get out of bed, or while sun bathing in the back yard. Does someone else have dibs on the TV room? Pull out your HLT71, and you've got your own TV room. This handy little portable TV has a 7-inch LCD screen that switches between a 16:9 and 4:3 aspect ratio. It has a built-in ATSC/NTSC tuner with detachable antenna en...
21037	Great product! Everything you need!	This is a really cool array of products. It's great when I am trying to watch a game, I can just stick my headphones in and concentrate. I have also used it for the kids to be able to watch their show together. The splitter for the headphones is very handy for this -- it was a one-stop shopping experience. Great buy, I highly recommend it!	The BrandXYZ HLT71 portable LCD TV gives you the ability to enjoy your favorite television programs anywhere, any time in your home or away. Watch the morning news without having to get out of bed, or while sun bathing in the back yard. Does someone else have dibs on the TV room? Pull out your HLT71, and you've got your own TV room. This handy little portable TV has a 7-inch LCD screen that switches between a 16:9 and 4:3 aspect ratio. It has a built-in ATSC/NTSC tuner with detachable antenna en...
21058	Seasonic 750W Power Supply	Purchase of Seasonic 750W Power Supply: The purchasing process at Amazon.com was simple, straight forward, and did not have the appearance of a web site that may rip you off. The item arrived as stated during the purchas. The item purchased was in good shape and works well. I would use Amazon.com for future purchases based on my experience wuth this purchase.	Behold, the whole new designed of BrandXYZ M12D modular gaming power supplies, offering a wide range of features you have never seen before, comes with 750 and 850 Watts(ATX12V 2.3V+ EPS12V 2.92 compliant), offers buyers with a high range power output solution with revolutionary improvement to bring your gaming to next level. The new M12D features DC to DC Converter design to provide outstanding dynamic response and greater system stability at the same time. Today, advanced graphic cards are mor...
21240	good bass, mic works well	I'm always a little leery of buying in-ear headphones, even the expensive ones from the likes of Shure. I tend to like more bass than what most standard headphone buds provide and if you are like me, you will be very pleased with the Bose in-ear phones. First, they are extremely comfortable. Much like the Shures, Bose includes 3 sizes of silicone plugs that allow you to change the sizes for the best fit. There's a very small piece that slides into your ear canal, but for the most part, they sit in the bowl of your ear with just the small piece directing music down the canal. Bass again, is very good (not as good as their around the ear headphones which I also own) but they are definitely more than adequate for my needs - bass can definitely be heard. There's a little bit of sacrifice on the treble end, but treble is still colorful. These do not fit like the Shures fit -- where the Shures are almost naturally noise-cancelling due to how they fit down your ear canal, these do not block out outside noise. I work in a relatively quiet environment and so if you don't mind listening to your music/audio with low humming of outside voices in the background, these aren't bad. If you're going to spend this much on a pair of ear buds and want the noise-cancellation, I'd recommend the Shures. I use these with my iPhone 3GS and when a call is received, you can press the toggle switch on the headset wire to switch over to pick up the call and talk using the built in microphone. There's no need to remove the headphones from the 3.5mm jack in order to pick up the call. Conducting a test with a friend, the microphone sounded fine to the other party. Summary: Pros: -- Good bass -- Good execution of microphone -- comes with case that fits iPhone -- Comes with lanyard as well as a clip for positioning the headphone cable Cons: -- Treble a little muddy	Now it's easier than ever to enjoy BrandXYZ sound with your mobile phone calls and music. The BrandXYZ mobile in-ear headset lets you take calls and switch back to your music with one-touch ease. And its quality audio may be the best reason yet to listen to music on your phone. Your music. BrandXYZ sound. Hear the music on your phone with more range and realism. Like all BrandXYZ headphones, the mobile in-ear headset features proprietary audio reproduction technology that delivers impressive low...
21241	Best mobile headphones!!	I have been looking for headphones to replace the mediocre, at best, that Apple suppled with the iPhone. Well I want to tell you that these have the best sound of the multiple sets I have either purchased and tested. Their full sound has a depth and richness that I had not experienced with any other headphones and they are extreemly compfortable. They function well with the iPhone in answering calls and utiilizing the new voice activation that the new iPhone 3Gs includes. They have the best sound and function that Bose has to offer!! Although a little pricy, they were worth every penny I spent. I now enjoy listening to the iPod function of the iPhone. I recommend them to you; you will not be disappointed.	Now it's easier than ever to enjoy BrandXYZ sound with your mobile phone calls and music. The BrandXYZ mobile in-ear headset lets you take calls and switch back to your music with one-touch ease. And its quality audio may be the best reason yet to listen to music on your phone. Your music. BrandXYZ sound. Hear the music on your phone with more range and realism. Like all BrandXYZ headphones, the mobile in-ear headset features proprietary audio reproduction technology that delivers impressive low...
21242	Iphone 3gs	So, you just got your new iphone 3gs. Too bad the headphones that came with it are trash. What are you going to do? Well, you could get the Bose mobile headset or one of the Shure mobile headsets. I tried the dj beatz headphone which is very uncomfortable. Then, I decided I needed a mic and my options were narrowed down for me. These headphones have good bass but, not as good as beatz headphones though. However, it's a 100% more comfortable and the bass is good too. Believe me when I say I would have returned it with the quickness if the bass wasn't good. Very, very comfortable.	Now it's easier than ever to enjoy BrandXYZ sound with your mobile phone calls and music. The BrandXYZ mobile in-ear headset lets you take calls and switch back to your music with one-touch ease. And its quality audio may be the best reason yet to listen to music on your phone. Your music. BrandXYZ sound. Hear the music on your phone with more range and realism. Like all BrandXYZ headphones, the mobile in-ear headset features proprietary audio reproduction technology that delivers impressive low...
21310	Best bang for the buck!	I did a lot of homework before making this purchase and am very happy with my choice. I purchased this tv for $1698 thru Amazon from the Home Theatre Store. They upgraded me to the WD-73737 at no additional charge which was a pleasant surprise. I picked it up at the shipping terminal and it was expertly packaged and in perfect condition. Set up was as easy as it gets and the picture quality is fantastic. I have mine hooked up to a direct tv hd receiver and the sound running thru a Harmon Kardon receiver with 4 Infinity ceiling speakers and a velodyne sub. Mitsubishi has been around forever and DLP is what the movie theatres use. Blu-ray movies will blow you away! This is a lot of tv for the money. It sits on a Bush Verona model stand that for $238 was far less than the matching Mitsubishi stand and it looks great. Like everyone else says...the remote is not that great, but I use the Direct tv remote so it's no big deal. I was so impressed by this tv that I bought the Mitsubishi WD-60737 for my office.	With picture perfomance that outpaces today's smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 to 82 Inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TV's define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
21311	Great TV	Amazing picture quality! I had an older 65 inch HD but wanted a new TV. I had to buy same size or larger. I found this at Best Buy first, but Amazon had a better deal. I would recommend.... Very happy.	With picture perfomance that outpaces today's smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 to 82 Inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TV's define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
21313	AWESOME!	This TV blew me away straight out of the box. If you are looking for home theater size, along with great picture quality at a fraction of the price of lcd or plasma, this is the set for you.	With picture perfomance that outpaces today's smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 to 82 Inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TV's define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
21243	Finally BOSE woke up!	Ok, I've been wanting something EXACTLY like this to replace my In-Ear set. Mainly because I really don't care for the sound of the On-Ear, and they're just too big to be a "mobile" set. I have the Around-Ear as well and they're a great sounding pair of headphones. The premium for these over the regular in-ear is well worth it when you figure out what you're getting, a headset compatible with ALL iPhones, a pair of great sounding headphones with a built in mic and button just like the headset that comes with the iPhone, only 32424 times better! Way to go BOSE. Your iPhone will even fit in the leather case they give you. Pros - - Bassy, but not totally overpowering (Can be a con if you're not into bass) - Good, but not great separation - Great fit with the Large tips - EXCELLENT warranty support from BOSE - I had the older In-Ear (Not mobile) and it seems as though they've REDESIGNED/Reinforced the headset jack so that it's less susceptible to fraying! Thank you BOSE! Cons - - Although better than the original with the just black cord, the tips are still easy to lose if you don't keep them in a case or pocket. BOSE will send you a free set but you can still lose those too. - Somewhat "Dim" sound, could use a bit more of a treble increase. Fixable with an EQ, but not the crappy one that comes with the iPhone. You will get used to it and enjoy the sound, but they still have room for improvement here. Turning up the highs with an EQ makes these baby's sound 100X better. - Price. They would be perfect if they we're just $30 cheaper. But to me they're worth the premium over others just based on BOSE customer service alone. Other headphone producers have horrible after-sale support, not BOSE.	Now it's easier than ever to enjoy BrandXYZ sound with your mobile phone calls and music. The BrandXYZ mobile in-ear headset lets you take calls and switch back to your music with one-touch ease. And its quality audio may be the best reason yet to listen to music on your phone. Your music. BrandXYZ sound. Hear the music on your phone with more range and realism. Like all BrandXYZ headphones, the mobile in-ear headset features proprietary audio reproduction technology that delivers impressive low...
21245	Almost Perfect	I purchased a new phone (LG Chocolate Touch) to replace my wife's Ipod mainly to listen to music while commuting. I needed mobile headphones and Bose seemed the best alternative to low quality run of the mill headsets. Upon plugging them it, I was amazed at the quality of the sound, the bass is very potent, ample midrange and clear crisp treble (although you might need to boost the treble in an equalizer). However, these sound best when using a flat setting in the equalizer, especially when used with the Ipod. Remember, the output quality will depend on the quality of the MP3 you play and the player (a high bitrate MP3 always sounds better). Phone wise, the microphone on the headphone picks up conversation very well even with some ambient noise in the room. I would give them 5 stars, but the cord tangles easily.	Now it's easier than ever to enjoy BrandXYZ sound with your mobile phone calls and music. The BrandXYZ mobile in-ear headset lets you take calls and switch back to your music with one-touch ease. And its quality audio may be the best reason yet to listen to music on your phone. Your music. BrandXYZ sound. Hear the music on your phone with more range and realism. Like all BrandXYZ headphones, the mobile in-ear headset features proprietary audio reproduction technology that delivers impressive low...
21246	You get what you pay for...	Just picked up my Bose mobile in-ear headset for use with my iPhone 3G and they work flawlessly together. Sound is excellent both for music and phone calls. With headphones, you get what you pay for and there is a clear difference when these headphones are compared to the factory Apple headphones, and other brands I have including Sony and Maxwell as well as the Skull Candy set. The Bose set is top shelf quality. The only con (if there is one) is the price as I never thought I would drop over $100 for headphones, but the quality along with the storage case means I'm in it for the long haul with probably the only head phones I will ever need. If you enjoy listening to music as it should be heard and you are an iPhone lover this is the way to go. Anything else and you're not taking full advantage of your music.	Now it's easier than ever to enjoy BrandXYZ sound with your mobile phone calls and music. The BrandXYZ mobile in-ear headset lets you take calls and switch back to your music with one-touch ease. And its quality audio may be the best reason yet to listen to music on your phone. Your music. BrandXYZ sound. Hear the music on your phone with more range and realism. Like all BrandXYZ headphones, the mobile in-ear headset features proprietary audio reproduction technology that delivers impressive low...
21249	Excellent sound	I've tried several headphones, and these are the first in-ear headphones I've used that sound truly fantastic. They filter out most exterior noise, and provide rich, deep sound. I was skeptical at first because the earbuds don't feel as though they are seated deeply, but the sound comes through loud and clear with little background noise. If I have one small issue, it's that the cables are black and white intertwined wires; I thought they would be one solid color, and it doesn't show in the picture. However, a couple of my colleagues said, "wow, those are cool looking headphones." I'm very pleased with this purchase.	Now it's easier than ever to enjoy BrandXYZ sound with your mobile phone calls and music. The BrandXYZ mobile in-ear headset lets you take calls and switch back to your music with one-touch ease. And its quality audio may be the best reason yet to listen to music on your phone. Your music. BrandXYZ sound. Hear the music on your phone with more range and realism. Like all BrandXYZ headphones, the mobile in-ear headset features proprietary audio reproduction technology that delivers impressive low...
21444	Don't do it if you have XP	This product does not work with Windows XP. I have SP3 and have searched endlessly to get this thing to connect to my PC to no avail. There seems to be a problem with previous Arcsoft programs existing on C-Drive and the registry. I have removed all and still no connection. No support answers, nothing on the internet. Save your money.	BrandXYZ Introduces "World's Smallest Scanner"; New Miniaturized Photo Scanner Instantly turns your 35mm film negatives and slides into digital images. "Scanning is now easy, fun and affordable with our Color Image Scanner Cartridge. We've literally put scanning into the palm of our customers' hands, and we think this new technology achievement will bring scanning to the masses.". The BrandXYZ FS-1700 is uniquely designed with a built-in 2.4-inch color LCD screen for viewing and editing, and a m...
21250	Bose quality, but didn't fit my ears	I had high hopes for these headphones, based on the reviews. But I had to return them, because they did not fit my ears. I have grown very particular about how "in ear" headphones fit my ears. These Bose headphones come with three different sized earpieces. Unfortunately, none gave me a solid, secure fit. I have found that the dome-shaped silicone earpieces fit my ears best. For example, check out the . Note that I am not recommending the Motorola product, just pointing you there to look at the ear pieces. Notice the simple bowl shape that fits inside your ear canal. I find that this shape blocks external noise, stays in my ear, and gives the best audio quality. Unfortunately, these Bose earphones use a different shape which may fit some people, but not me. I also noticed that even if they did fit, they probably do not block noise as well as the bowl shaped ones that fit in the ear. Sound quality appeared good, but my test was short because of the fit problem.	Now it's easier than ever to enjoy BrandXYZ sound with your mobile phone calls and music. The BrandXYZ mobile in-ear headset lets you take calls and switch back to your music with one-touch ease. And its quality audio may be the best reason yet to listen to music on your phone. Your music. BrandXYZ sound. Hear the music on your phone with more range and realism. Like all BrandXYZ headphones, the mobile in-ear headset features proprietary audio reproduction technology that delivers impressive low...
21251	Mediocre At Best	Honestly, these are not really THAT great. I bought these today from a Verizon Store (Charge on Account FTW!), and was going to use them for my BlackBerry Storm and my Zune. Honestly, these sound average. My premium Zune headphones that I paid $25 for are about the same, IMO. They will be going back, if not today, in the morning tomorrow. I'd get em if they were within the $50 price range, but even with my VZW discount ($97.32) they are still too expensive.	Now it's easier than ever to enjoy BrandXYZ sound with your mobile phone calls and music. The BrandXYZ mobile in-ear headset lets you take calls and switch back to your music with one-touch ease. And its quality audio may be the best reason yet to listen to music on your phone. Your music. BrandXYZ sound. Hear the music on your phone with more range and realism. Like all BrandXYZ headphones, the mobile in-ear headset features proprietary audio reproduction technology that delivers impressive low...
21253	if u use iphone, avoid this	I am not sure how others think about this product, but to me it is a failure for bose. iphone simply does not have enough power to drive these units. if you compare bose in ear to apple original headphone shipped with iphone, or the apple in ear , or shure /klipsch / sennheiser whatever brand that produces ear bud for iphone, you will find bose in ear totally lost middle and high frequency, sounds like u are listen to the music while you ears are covered by foam I tested it on iphone 3Gs, but I don't think the generation of iphone can make a difference.	Now it's easier than ever to enjoy BrandXYZ sound with your mobile phone calls and music. The BrandXYZ mobile in-ear headset lets you take calls and switch back to your music with one-touch ease. And its quality audio may be the best reason yet to listen to music on your phone. Your music. BrandXYZ sound. Hear the music on your phone with more range and realism. Like all BrandXYZ headphones, the mobile in-ear headset features proprietary audio reproduction technology that delivers impressive low...
21254	Regions and video formats that can be played	I did not purchase this player from Amazon, but I did get it off of Ebay. If you want to use the USB or SD inputs the video format that works the best is SVCD, the AVI formats mostly did not work with various codecs. Also, regular VCD format worked, but you could not skip through different chapters. The unit is very light and the power supply or wall wart is a modern "switching" type like a cell phone charger. It has played all of my burned DVD+R discs without any skipping or freezing. Funny thing though, the unit is supposed to be set to REGION 1 or USA, but it will not play any rented or purchased DVD discs. But will play a burned image of the same disc. If anyone knows any Supersonic region codes, please help.	This is a brand new BrandXYZ SC-28B portable DVD player which retails for $199.99 plus tax. This compact media player is compatible with virtually any disc format including: DVD, DVD-R/RW, CD, CD-R/RW, VCD, SVCD, MP3, HDCD, MPEG, as well as picture CDs or JPEG files on a disc. It will automatically identify the formatted disc, meaning you don't have to manually program the player to read certain disc formats. Additionally, this unit is equipped with a USB interface and SD card slot allowing you ...
21255	1000RMS-WATTS SUBWOOFER FOR UNDER $400 IS AMAZING DEAL	What can you say when you bought a Velodyne 1000RMS-WATTS SUBWOOFER FOR UNDER $400 IS AMAZING DEAL ??? Item was list as a USE SUBWOOFER but when it came and I opened it I though its BRAND NEW. NOT even a little scracth or dings. lOVE THE SUB. Will buy another one soon. Thank you so much guys.	With the VMS, BrandXYZ is proud to offer stylish, affordable subwoofers that truly deliver deep, powerful, accurate bass, not just weak, muddy, boomy, "mid-bass." Whether your focus is thunderous reproduction of home theater's challenging special effects, or low, tight, dynamic bass that adds that lifelike quality to your music, the BrandXYZ VMS produces bass that you can really feel at a price anyone can afford. With over 25 years engineering subwoofer products, you will immediately notice the ...
21257	Holds like crazy	This windshield mount holds like crazy. I used it on my SUV to video some extreme 4x4 action and the mount held on without an issue to the hood, windows, and a steel bumper though miles of bumpy forest trail and hard rock crawling. It's flexible ball mount and the camera's ability to rotate 180 degrees allows you to capture nearly any angle possible. It's lightweight plastic which means it's light enough for use on a motorcycle panel and comes clean with a bit of soap and water.	A powerful suction cup mount from our friends at Panavise attaches your ContourHD to any windshield or car body. Place the mount where you want it to live, press a button, slide a switch, and voil?! Your Windshield Mount is now locked and loaded. This well designed mount makes it simple to turn, tilt, and rotate your camera 360o. Suction pad advised for windshields and flat (non-porous) surfaces.
21258	High Quality, Extremely Versatile, Works Perfectly	I have a VholdR ContourHD camera on an adhesive mount at the side of my motorcycle fairing. I use the "windshield mount kit" to view the operation of various parts of the motorcycle in testing. The suction cup system is completely effective. It holds a tight seal even under heavy vibration and pounding on a fast street motorcycle driven at high road speeds over bumps, in turns, and in heavy braking and acceleration. The mount hardware holding the camera is sturdy but light, and the cranes allow just about any configuration or positioning of the camera. For the price this is a fabulous mount that works on areas of a motorcycle other than the windshield.	A powerful suction cup mount from our friends at Panavise attaches your ContourHD to any windshield or car body. Place the mount where you want it to live, press a button, slide a switch, and voil?! Your Windshield Mount is now locked and loaded. This well designed mount makes it simple to turn, tilt, and rotate your camera 360o. Suction pad advised for windshields and flat (non-porous) surfaces.
21259	dissapointed	I have purchased this windshield mount for my new ContourHD 1080p but head that should hold contourHD camera is to narrow for rails, so camera does not slip in it. I guess I will need need to widen it with some tools somehow.... Dissapointed..	A powerful suction cup mount from our friends at Panavise attaches your ContourHD to any windshield or car body. Place the mount where you want it to live, press a button, slide a switch, and voil?! Your Windshield Mount is now locked and loaded. This well designed mount makes it simple to turn, tilt, and rotate your camera 360o. Suction pad advised for windshields and flat (non-porous) surfaces.
21302	Lame	I normally don't write negative reviews, but in all honesty, these things are junk IMO. Way too expensive for what they are, and they don't fit well either. When you wrap them around the tripod leg, they look uneven and lumpy no matter how hard you try to get them to lay flat. And while they may work as warmers, they are way too thin to provide any effective padding when carrying the tripod over the shoulder (my primary purpose for buying). Don't get me wrong, Gitzo tripods are SECOND TO NONE in terms of quality, but don't waste your time with these "warmers". I have a feeling they probably aren't even manufactured by Gitzo anyway. In the end I returned these to Amazon. I'll have to figure out something else...	This set of leg warmers makes your tripod easier to carry. By giving padding and insulating your hand from the cold legs they give comfort and protect your tripod legs from dings and scratches.
21303	Great TV, C9 and 737 are the same thing!	I got the 73" C9 3 days ago. Blu rays, xbox 360, and HD DVR are all AWESOME on it. There are tons of tweaks to picture, color, etc. The C9 has the same 2 settings that the 737 supposedly had exclusive (deepfield imager and sharp edge) from the C9 series. The C9 appears to be the exact same TV as the 737 but with different marketing (big box stores, discount model etc). It is a huge and beautiful screen right out of the box, my wife made me tone it down a bit. I love big bright colors and she doesn't. So I changed a few settings here and there and got a happy medium for both of us. But when I play xbox 360 I crank that baby back up to brilliant on the game mode and it looks very very nice!	With picture perfomance that outpaces today's smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 to 82 Inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TV's define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
21316	Don't Order This TV From Amazon - What a Nightmare	I ordered this TV on a Friday and was very surprised when I got an email that stated my TV was shipped the same day and would be ready for delivery on Monday. Except, the shipping company dropped the crate and damaged the TV and told me to call Amazon Customer Service. I called Amazon Customer Service and spoke with the most unhelpful person. She kept me on hold for 30 minutes then when she came back on she said she was going to call the shipper and see what exactly the severity of the damage before she would proceed any further. I told her I did not want the TV if it was damaged regardless of how severe. She said they would go ahead and send the TV and I could have a look at it and if I didn't want it I could send it back. I told her again I did not want the TV if it had been damaged in any way and to please credit my charge card. She said they couldn't issue a refund until they had received the return shipment at their warehouse which could take another 5 to 10 days and then another 2 -3 days to process the transaction. So, I can't buy another TV for at least another 2 week with the charges of the broken TV still on my account. What a crock. I'll never use Amazon again. It's buying at the local big box store for me from now on. Amazon's customer service leaves a lot to be desired!	With picture perfomance that outpaces today's smaller flat panels, BrandXYZ Home Theater TVs offer a larger than life, intensely vivid viewing experience. In screen sizes ranging from 60 to 82 Inches, BrandXYZ Home Theater TV's define the large screeen entertainment category by offering incomparable value and stronger performance than smaller flat panel televisions!
21319	Yet Another Disappointing Funai Clone from Onkyo	SUMMARY: The Onkyo DV BD507 shares a similarly uncomfortable position with the Harman Kardon BDP-1: The MSRP of $449 or $499 for this player is comical in this marketplace. This player makes sense around $250 and struggles to make a value propositon for much more than that. At current street prices of $399 (8/20), I would encourage you to pass. I have been running this player through a wide array of BD and SD DVD material. BD performance is excellent and identical to most other players for 1080p 24fps. DVD performance is compotent, but not exceptional. I will say that it is improved in some regard to the 606 that there is not a reddish push causing faces to look either flush or tanned depending on lighting. Colors in general are accurate and I do think in real world content it keeps shadow detail and avoids crushing black. In respects of moire and jaggies, the performance is good. I watched Rome Season 2 with a number of panning shots that offer ample material for moire. My biggest criticism is the lack of detail reproduction. There is still noise that dulls images. Text shows aliasing and lacks crispness; most images are soft at the end of the day. I played with the three NR settings and could notquite find a happy balance. With the highest NR setting (3), speckling did appear on solid light colors like actors' foreheads. I did some A/Bing with the Oppo, Denon 2010, Pioneer 320, and Onkyo 507. The ABT chips in the Denon and Oppo cleaned up the image well to provide more detail, which provided greater distinction between images and background, providing more depth to the image. The onkyo suffered in this regard. The Pioneer arrived between the two. This player probably uses the same panasonic chip as the Denons and has the same menus and guis. Unfortunately, it does not have quite the same build quality and finish. The attached power cord, remote, and analogue section are not as impressive as the denon. The player only offers coaxial digital output and two channel analogues. Audio quality from the two channel analogue outputs is good, but does not seem to offer the range of the burr browns. This is most apparent in listening to music. Remote is cheap and light - it is absolutely identical to the 606's and those in the $100 Magnavox players you see at wal-mart. It is neither backlit nor glows. It lacks a zoom function. GUI/Menus are nearly identical to the Onkyo 606: blue background with quick setup menu and customize option containing more detailed adjustments. The basic tree/branch setup is identical to the current denons as well. There is an option to update the firmware via disc or the internet. The current firmware version shows up as 1.0 and no newer versions are available over the internet. Operation is very similar to the 606 in respects of speed. Powered off eject times come in right at 13 seconds. Toggling through menus is quick and responsive. Load times have incrementally improved from the 606, but are still disappointing relative to some of the quicker players on the market: Casino Royale to Sony Screen: JVC: 18 seocnds Pioneer 320: 36 seconds Onkyo 606: 45 seconds Onkyo 507: 37 seconds Dark Knight to AntiPiracy: JVC: 17 seocnds Pioneer 320: 42 seconds Onkyo 606: 43 seconds Onkyo 507: 38 seconds Pirates I Black Pearl: Coin/Disney JVC: Medallion 16 seconds; Disney 27 seconds Pio 320: Medallion 44 seconds; Medallion 1 min 13 seconds Onkyo 606: Medallion 42; Disney 1 min 2 seconds Onkyo 507: Medallion 42; Disney 57 seconds Deinterlacing Performance Using S&M Test Disc's Synthetic Tests Source Adaptive Deinterlacing Cadence: Racecar testing for moire in stands * denotes lock on in second set. Test: JVC / onkyo 606 / onkyo 507 2:2 pass/ fail / pass 2:2:2:4 pass / fail / fail 2:3:2:3 (PF-T) pass/ pass / pass 2:3:2:3 pass / pass / pass 2:3:3:2 pass/ fail / fail 3:2:3:2:2 pass/ fail / fail 5:5 pass/ fail / marginal 6:4 pass/ fail / fail 8:7:8:7 pass/ marginal / fail 24p - pass /pass / pass Time-adjusted fail / marginal / fail Edge Adaptive Test Patterns Jaggie test - JVC Speedometer: pass 45 to 5. fail +/- 5, pass -45 to -5 Ship: pass horizontal scrolling text: pass vertical scrolling text: pass Jaggie test - Onkyo DV BD606 Speedometer: pass 45 to 5. fail +/- 5, pass -45 to -5 Ship: marginal horizontal scrolling text: pass vertical scrolling text: pass Jaggie test - Onkyo DV BD507 Speedometer: pass 45 to 5. fail +/- 10 Ship: pass horizontal scrolling text: pass vertical scrolling text: pass It is not a pioneer 320: it lacks the audio quality and capability (7.1 outputs), the Pioneer 320 is a more capable upscaler, and the pioneer has a slicker interface and more detailed setup options. With the Pioneer hovering around $300 street prices, the Onkyo without analogues or a strong upscaling chip/capability will suffer to offer value except for those adamant on matching their bd player with their onkyo receiver. For those that hell bent on setup symmetry, I would steer you towards the heavily discounted 606, which can be had for roughly $250. For the rest of us, the JVC XV-BP1 offers better performance, faster operation, and is significantly cheaper. It may lack the tweaking menus of the Onkyo, but I found them ineffective in finding a significantly improved image from the default.	As BrandXYZ's most advanced Blu-ray Disc player yet, the DV-BD507 raises the bar for home theater playback. Naturally, it accepts any Blu-ray Disc and sends a full high-definition 1080p signal?via HDMI 1.3a?to your compatible display or A/V receiver. What?s more, it can also upscale lower-resolution DVD sources to 1080p to match your HD display. Along with various flavors of DVD and CD, the DV-BD507 handles AVCHD video clips stored on an SD/SDHC Card or DVD?R/RW. The unsurpassed video quality of...
21329	Good gaming head set	I have been looking for a set of ear buds with a mic for a long time when I ran across these. I purchased them here at Amazon because they were the best price here. The normal retail price was $59.99, fairly expensive for a set of ear buds. the sound produced out these buds is above average, but if turned up too high the sound will become distorted. The inline microphone is were this headset shine. the mic very small and does not add unbalanced weight to the headset. During my gaming sessions, I can be heard very clearly and can hear other very well on VOIP programs such as ventrilo and skype. My only disappointment with this product is the adapters. The headset comes with computer, psp 2000/3000, and nintendo DS adapters so the headset can be used on various electronics. My problem with the headset is that I own the new PSP go, so the inline microphone adapter is not compatible with the go. Other then that, these little things totally replaced my previous gaming headset that was too bulky and caused pain after a period of time because I wear glasses.	The BrandXYZ Moray+ mobile gaming communicator is designed for gamers who prefer to travel light and without bulky headsets. While retaining a sleek, lightweight architecture, the BrandXYZ Moray+ comes packed with a passive noise isolating in-ear earphone along with an omnidirectional inline microphone. Its powerful bass-driven stereo sound and mid/high range clarity along with 3 adapters for the PC/laptop, as well as support for the Sony PSP 2000 / 3000, Nintendo DS Lite / DSi and the Apple iPh...
21330	Good for the price.	I've been looking for an in-ear headset with a mic. For the price I can't complain about these, the sound is good and the mic seems to work just fine. What I will say is that the sound isn't great, sometimes I get slight feedback and there is very little bass presence in this set. I isn't ideal if you want it just for listening to music, but for gaming on my laptop it works great. One last note, there is no toggle on the mic to answer calls if using this with an iPhone, minor, just wanted to let you know.	The BrandXYZ Moray+ mobile gaming communicator is designed for gamers who prefer to travel light and without bulky headsets. While retaining a sleek, lightweight architecture, the BrandXYZ Moray+ comes packed with a passive noise isolating in-ear earphone along with an omnidirectional inline microphone. Its powerful bass-driven stereo sound and mid/high range clarity along with 3 adapters for the PC/laptop, as well as support for the Sony PSP 2000 / 3000, Nintendo DS Lite / DSi and the Apple iPh...
21331	Solid Earphones	These earphones are a solid choice at this price point. They sound good, much better than most at this price and the addition of a microphone go great especially with the iphone. MY only complaint are the buds themselves. They fit pretty well and are exchangeable however they fall off very easily, and are difficult to locate once they have fallen. I called customer support to buy replacements and they offer none so once you run out it seams you are SOL. TL;DR; Sound is above average mic is a plus be careful with the silicone buds	The BrandXYZ Moray+ mobile gaming communicator is designed for gamers who prefer to travel light and without bulky headsets. While retaining a sleek, lightweight architecture, the BrandXYZ Moray+ comes packed with a passive noise isolating in-ear earphone along with an omnidirectional inline microphone. Its powerful bass-driven stereo sound and mid/high range clarity along with 3 adapters for the PC/laptop, as well as support for the Sony PSP 2000 / 3000, Nintendo DS Lite / DSi and the Apple iPh...
21332	Very Comfy headphones	I neede a headphone for my gaming and walkamn listening so i had chosen this as it had a microphone for chat. design was very nice and comes with 2 X Razer Sticker logo which i liked alot. overall sound quality was good. i played L4D with this and i could hear the Zombies horde from behind me and also hear hunter as he tries to pounce on me from behind. music quality was good as the bass reproduction was as promised. EXTENDED BASSS`~!!! although i did think they could improve on frequency response as i didn't hear all the highs of my music so well. overall, it's a sacrifice to make for good gaming noise isolation head phones. Sound Card used: Creative x-fi titanium	The BrandXYZ Moray+ mobile gaming communicator is designed for gamers who prefer to travel light and without bulky headsets. While retaining a sleek, lightweight architecture, the BrandXYZ Moray+ comes packed with a passive noise isolating in-ear earphone along with an omnidirectional inline microphone. Its powerful bass-driven stereo sound and mid/high range clarity along with 3 adapters for the PC/laptop, as well as support for the Sony PSP 2000 / 3000, Nintendo DS Lite / DSi and the Apple iPh...
21342	Excellent Protective Case	I purchased this case for use with my Magellan 1475T GPS unit. My GPS fit into the case perfectly and is sufficiently nondescript enough to be mistaken for a date book if accidently left in plain sight in a vehicle. The case is slender enough that when holding the GPS unit, it fits into my computer bag and does not take up a great deal of room. It has protected my GPS during several trips through the hands of airport-TSA inspectors and x-ray machines.	BrandXYZ GPS 4.7-Inch Leather Case
21343	Very Nice Leather Case	This is a very nice leather case. Although it is not what was pictured and what I thought I was getting from Amazon, I decided to keep it. I just went to a local store to get a bag to carry the power cords, mount, and GPS that I thought I was originally getting. This case provides better protection of my investment with all the other accessories put in one bag.	BrandXYZ GPS 4.7-Inch Leather Case
21344	Good simple GPS case	This is a simple leather case for the Magellan 1470. It only holds the GPS unit itself for safe storage in a pocket or glove box. If you want to hold the power cables and other items then you will have to look elsewhere. Other than that this is a good unit.	BrandXYZ GPS 4.7-Inch Leather Case
21345	FYI	Got this in the mail a couple of weeks ago. It is a very attractive unit, couple of things I don't care for. 1. Can't ever turn off the bright power on light. Apparently some people couldn't remember to turn off the unit when they killed the display, so now I have this bright white light that won't turn off. 2. HDMI passthrough only kinda works. The main reason I bought this thing was to pass HDMI from my various devices through the single source (and for its audio sync capabilities). Unfortunately for me, while my HTPC straight to the tv works like a champ, I only get a black screen for video (audio works fine though...) when passing through this device. From what I can tell this is a common problem with the 1600 (go check out the forum for owners). 3. HK support kinda sucks. Sent an email last week. No reply. Called them during business hours, had to leave a message. So far no help from them. I have worked around this by just not using the HDMI, buttt...was kinda the whole reason I bought this, now its just like the one i replaced it with, bummer. In the end it looks pretty good and works pretty good, just not as good as they would want you to believe.	For more than 50 years, BrandXYZ products have been engineered to deliver the ultimate listening experience. That tradition continues with BrandXYZ's new AVR 1600 home theater receiver, which offers an affordable way to enjoy the best sound experience possible. High performance starts with a high-current, ultra-wide amplifier design which delivers uncomprimised realism and dynamics from your all your music and movies, including today's latest high-definition sources like Blu-ray. Connect your Bl...
21346	Elegant Look & Sound	First, let me clear up a few misunderstandings. The AVR1600 is rated at 50W per channel on Amazon & the Harman Kardon website. As it turns out (after reading the manual) this unit is actually rated at 35W per channel. I'm not sure how this mistake was (and still is) being communicated to the public. With that said, it is worth mentioning that Harman Kardon rates their receivers more modestly than other companies. Rather than advertising max possible output, H/K sets their power ratings based on pre-distortion levels. The sound that the AVR1600 puts out is more than sufficient for my medium sized living room. The largest improvement I noticed when upgrading from an entry level Yamaha receiver was the ability to calibrate EVERYTHING. After accurately setting the crossovers & speaker distances (which was very simple with the on-screen display) I noticed a dramatic difference in dialog clarity & much fuller LFE (bass.) It was like having a whole new system. The AVR1600 is very good at adjusting to accommodate speakers of all sizes. And finally, I am ashamed to say that more than anything else, it was the sheer good looks of this receiver that really sold me. If there was a receiver beauty pageant, this baby would take home the prize! Buy it. Period.	For more than 50 years, BrandXYZ products have been engineered to deliver the ultimate listening experience. That tradition continues with BrandXYZ's new AVR 1600 home theater receiver, which offers an affordable way to enjoy the best sound experience possible. High performance starts with a high-current, ultra-wide amplifier design which delivers uncomprimised realism and dynamics from your all your music and movies, including today's latest high-definition sources like Blu-ray. Connect your Bl...
21347	IT IS 50 WATTS PER CHANNEL!!! READ THE MANUAL!!! Page 51	I will be receiving this product in 3 days. I usually do not review before I receive the product but I am tired of people posting what little reviews are out with false info. Go and read the manual..... its 50 X 7........ that is 50 watts per channel. Also, this receiver can take up to Max of 540 watts. That means peak of 77 watts per channel when the avr is maxing out. Like usual, HK will not rate the max watt output like most and list that is the watts per channel..... and that includes the big dogs. I am upgrading from the HK AVR 154 because of Dolby HD and DTS HD decoding. Besides that, I would still be using my 30 x 5 watt avr and would be very happy. you will not find cleaner sounding receivers with any other company. Oh, and the AVR 154 30 watts per speaker was louder and cleaner then my 100 X 5 pioneer If HK gets the software for the HDMI right, this product will be the best in its price range up to $800. Will be posting actual review soon and hope everyone has a great holiday	For more than 50 years, BrandXYZ products have been engineered to deliver the ultimate listening experience. That tradition continues with BrandXYZ's new AVR 1600 home theater receiver, which offers an affordable way to enjoy the best sound experience possible. High performance starts with a high-current, ultra-wide amplifier design which delivers uncomprimised realism and dynamics from your all your music and movies, including today's latest high-definition sources like Blu-ray. Connect your Bl...
21348	Harman Kardon #1 Receiver	I had spent a couple of months searching out different recievers. After listening to all the different units at the local electronic stores, I heard a distinct quality difference between the Harman Kardon and the other units ie; Sony, Panasonic, Yamaha, Samsung, etc. I purchased the Harman Kardon 1600, the low end home theatre reciever. I found it to out perform many of the more expensive other units. After pricing it at all the local eletronic stores I then searched the internet. I knew I would get a better price on the internet but to my surprise I saved $163.00 on Amazon compared to any other store including F__'s. I play the unit through very good Klipsch speakers and 10" sub woofer. The sound is amazing. It does need a little more set up then most units. I highly recommend this unit and Amazon for their process and quick delivery. It is the first time I am totally satisfied with buying eletronics on the internet.	For more than 50 years, BrandXYZ products have been engineered to deliver the ultimate listening experience. That tradition continues with BrandXYZ's new AVR 1600 home theater receiver, which offers an affordable way to enjoy the best sound experience possible. High performance starts with a high-current, ultra-wide amplifier design which delivers uncomprimised realism and dynamics from your all your music and movies, including today's latest high-definition sources like Blu-ray. Connect your Bl...
21359	AMD Dual Core...$60	This is my first AMD CPU and I am pretty impressed with it. The installation was a breeze and it will run in many a motherboards. It runs cool ever after a 20% over clock (3.36GHz) (35 C) with stock heat sink and fan. Even under load it still runs well. I have been using it to encode video and it does that in a breeze, a full DVD in under 20 mins!! I recommend it to anyone who wants to try out AMD on a budget. Real NICE CPU.	Do more of the things you want to in less time and enhance your digital life with the multi-core performance and energy efficiency of BrandXYZ Athlon II processor-based desktop systems. Combined with superior ATI Radeon HD graphics technology, systems based on the BrandXYZ Athlon II processor deliver a vivid visual experience, superior multi-tasking, and exceptional digital media performance with next-generation energy efficiency.
21360	Nice chip	I didn't buy this from Amazon, as I don't like the supplier. This is a fantastic chip (as AMD's are). The supplied cooler in the "Retail box" should cool fine, but I picked up a better one. The OEM is much shorter so it will fit in many cases, but! The paste only covers a space the size of a nickel & there is more chip to cover (not that the one I got is much better). Anyhow if you're looking to use this chip, do so. It's better than some & not as good as others. It is an inexpensive upgrade from a single core. As with (most) all AMD's, you can overclock this chip. The one it replaced is going strong after six years. Have fun with it.	Do more of the things you want to in less time and enhance your digital life with the multi-core performance and energy efficiency of BrandXYZ Athlon II processor-based desktop systems. Combined with superior ATI Radeon HD graphics technology, systems based on the BrandXYZ Athlon II processor deliver a vivid visual experience, superior multi-tasking, and exceptional digital media performance with next-generation energy efficiency.
21362	Great drive at a once great price	I received my drive in early October and have been using it as my Vista 64 boot disk with a 4 drive RAID setup for file storage, games and commonly changed files. Hardware wise this drive is great. It has great throughput and loads most anything instantly. The one issue I have with this drive at this point is the sudden %33 jump in price. Even worse, this is a jump directed by the manufacturer since this is mostly a change in suggested retail price. My advice would be if you are in the market for an SSD of this caliber or below, wait. This sudden price gouging is ridiculous. Hopefully, once Windows 7 is released and demand goes down, Crucial will decide to bring this product's price back down to the original mid $100 SRP.	The BrandXYZ M225 series Solid-State Drive is an excellent alternative to a traditional hard drive in notebooks and netbooks. No moving parts provides for a quieter, cooler, and more durable storage solution. It employs an industry-standard interface and dimensions, so it is easy to install. The BrandXYZ brand of memory has long been synonymous with quality, reliability, and performance.
21363	Great disk, but watch the firmware	Please excuse my english, i am spanish. Let me begin by saying that this disks performs amazingly well. My Mac Mini shines with this disk. I have never used something as fast and soundless as this. The only thing that worried me, was the firmware version. I saw that this disk has 2 firmware versions, the 1711 and the 1571 (older). Apparently the newest one made it pretty unusable if you were running Windows 7 (not my case), and made the computer jam if you put the disk to sleep. On Crucial website, you can fill a form and return the disk (if it had the 1711), and they send another disk with the 1571. Since i live abroad, it was pretty complicated, since i had to pay for the shipping myself. Nevertheless this drive came with the older firmware, so i guess i was lucky. Beside that, it all worked like a charm. If i would have the money, i would probably buy the 128GB version, since 64 is not that much. I keep this as the main bootdisk, and i have nearly 30GB free. All my music and movies are kept in an USB external drive. Once again, excuse my english.	The BrandXYZ M225 series Solid-State Drive is an excellent alternative to a traditional hard drive in notebooks and netbooks. No moving parts provides for a quieter, cooler, and more durable storage solution. It employs an industry-standard interface and dimensions, so it is easy to install. The BrandXYZ brand of memory has long been synonymous with quality, reliability, and performance.
21441	An inexpensive way to preserve your memories	If you are like me, you have taken thousands of photos over the years only to stuff the prints into a box never to be seen again. Even albums get tucked away and can be difficult to share with friends and family. In an age where digital media sharing devices and large screen TV's are affordable and abundant, digitizing those old photos is a better way of sharing them. Enter the ScanPro 35mm slide and negative scanner. I was skeptical at first that such an inexpensive scanner would do the job. So far, after the first few hundred scans, I've been proven wrong. Here is what you need to know. First, this is not the best scanner if you consider yourself a professional and want the best possible quality image. The images I have scanned over the last 2 or 3 days are better than acceptable to preserve memories from more than 20 years ago. They also display quite nicely when running a slide show on my 67" screen through my DirecTV DVR. Second, the bundled software (BlazePhoto from BlazeVideo)is very intuitive and easy to use. It doesn't require a degree in rocket science to understand. The process is simple. Place the negative strip in the carrier and insert it into the scanner. Wait for the scanner to adjust the image's brightness and contrast. The preview panel allows you to manually alter the brightness and color settings before you take a final scan. Up to 12 images can be scanned before having to save them. Each image will be uniquely named using the current date and time and a manual counter that the software continually updates with each scan. Despite its ease, I did find that the software is missing some features or functionality that might make it even better. I expect that any other program (e.g. Adobe Photoshop) that can interface with a USB scanner would work just as well. Lastly, it is important to note that you should disconnect any non-essential USB devices from your computer prior to using the scanner. Any additional load can affect the amount of light projected on the film which will subsequently produce an inferior image. This advisory is clearly stated in the owner's manual. Overall, I recommend this device for hobbyists and family photogs alike with lots of memories to save. Personally, I find it easier than using a flatbed to scan individual prints and is certainly much less expensive than paying someone to do the processing for you.	BrandXYZ Introduces "World's Smallest Scanner"; New Miniaturized Photo Scanner Instantly turns your 35mm film negatives and slides into digital images. "Scanning is now easy, fun and affordable with our Color Image Scanner Cartridge. We've literally put scanning into the palm of our customers' hands, and we think this new technology achievement will bring scanning to the masses.". The BrandXYZ FS-1700 is uniquely designed with a built-in 2.4-inch color LCD screen for viewing and editing, and a m...
21442	Great buy! I would recommend it!	I have read many, many reviews on film and slide scanners. I was always told you get what you pay for. I was very skeptical on buying this product at this low of a price. I was buying it through Amazon.com and thought they had a good return policy if it was something that was not good so I ordered it. At the time of my purchase, they were also giving a 2Gig card with the scanner. Made the purchase even better. I received the unit on Friday and just couldn't wait to use it but had to wait until the following Monday to try it out. I purchased it to scan my wife's, parents slides from 30-50 years ago for a Christmas gift and some of the family was around and didn't want to give anything away. I tried 35mm film first and was not to impressed with the outcome but I hadn't used the program to touch up the images yet so I am not ruling it out. As I mentioned though, I bought it to do the slides. All I can say is WOW! They came out really good. I haven't done any touch up on them and not sure I need to. YES, they may not be as great as if you sent them off but they look really good and I don't have to worry about them being lost in the mail, if you know what I mean. I did about 600 slides in one day (off and on, not straight through) and it was a lot quicker than I thought it would be. I asked my wife if it was worth me spending a $100 for this equipment and she said it was already worth $100 just to see the pictures I already did of her childhood, not to mention about another 1,000 to do. I know I rambled on but it was these kinds of comments that made me take the plunge. I didn't give it a five because nothing is perfect but if you are wanting to treasure and preserve your old slides, then you need to buy this product.	BrandXYZ Introduces "World's Smallest Scanner"; New Miniaturized Photo Scanner Instantly turns your 35mm film negatives and slides into digital images. "Scanning is now easy, fun and affordable with our Color Image Scanner Cartridge. We've literally put scanning into the palm of our customers' hands, and we think this new technology achievement will bring scanning to the masses.". The BrandXYZ FS-1700 is uniquely designed with a built-in 2.4-inch color LCD screen for viewing and editing, and a m...
21443	Good for the price	I like: Backup your images directly to sd memory (no pc needed) It works also with 4-AAA batteries LCD to preview the photo Exposure value compensation I dont't like: too much noise (even with iso 100 negatives) It doesn't have ISO control It doesn't have speed & apperture controls To improve: Video out would be fine Noise reduction filter would be excelent Other manual controls would be good Summary: I recommend this scanner to backup your negatives into digital images. I would not print a picture from the scanned negative (too much noise)	BrandXYZ Introduces "World's Smallest Scanner"; New Miniaturized Photo Scanner Instantly turns your 35mm film negatives and slides into digital images. "Scanning is now easy, fun and affordable with our Color Image Scanner Cartridge. We've literally put scanning into the palm of our customers' hands, and we think this new technology achievement will bring scanning to the masses.". The BrandXYZ FS-1700 is uniquely designed with a built-in 2.4-inch color LCD screen for viewing and editing, and a m...
21451	READ BEFORE YOU BUY	I have owned five Marantz SR6004s, only one of which is still working today. All were purchased from an authorized dealer and were brand new or A stock. I bought two units - one for my study utilizing a 5.1 setup plus heights and one for my bedroom - 5.1 setup with two in ceiling speakers in each bathroom configured as a second zone. The four units that died all died in less than 30 days. The quickest died after 8 days, the longest made it about 26 days. The death always included a pop or thud from all speakers and then the Marantz entering into protect mode. Once in protect mode, it cannot be revived - even by leaving it unplugged overnight or trying to reset it via the front panel. It is completely fried. In both rooms, all of my speaker connections are without isssue; the Marantzs have replaced Onkyos and a Denon that have operated in the same setup for over two years. The Marantz was well surge-protected in both rooms - even to the point i surge protected the coaxial feed from the cable box. The failures occurred without warning or symptom of a problem. Of the four failures, three occurred while watching college football on a saturday, one occurred one evening with the tuner on only. The surving unit is still working without issue in the same setup. Earlier this week I torture-tested it, left it on for three days straight without issue or excessive heat. It is my contention there is either a faulty part or faulty design that causes catastrophic failure to these units. One other has reported an identical death to mine on his SR5004. Marantz categorically denies a problem. I would hold off on buying this unit despite my true affection for its sound. There is something wrong with some of these units. If you do buy one, buy it from an authorized dealer who has a generous 30 day return policy (and will pay for return shipping costs if online). These units have generally died within two to four weeks of use, but I have not made it too far past 30 days with my working unit. I really like this receiver and have been more than persistent and attempted to trouble-shoot the issues with Marantz. They were of no help at all and continued to insist the problem was only in my setup. it's a great receiver when working. I can only hope that Marantz addresses the catastrophic failure affecting these units and issues a recall to those affected.	USB port for iPod Digital connection, Dolby TrueHD, dts-HD MA and Dolby ProLogic IIz decording, Audessey MultEQ&Dynamic Volume, Color GUI, Analog to HDMI scalling, RX101Bluetooth Receiver included for iPhone/Mobile, M-DAX compressed audio expander
21452	What a difference	I have only owned the Marantz sr6004 for a week and I must say that I was a bit nervous about this purchase. The only other review on Amazon about the 6004 was a bad one, but after careful research online as well as visiting a few A/V pro shops I decided to take the plunge and "what a difference". I replaced a Sony A/V receiver that did not have hdmi or the ability to deliver the new codec. The additional power was needed in order to bring out the quality of my B&W speakers. Much brighter with a cleaner sound and the separation between the 5.1 channels is so much better. An audiophile I am not but I know what sounds good to me and this is it. I also ordered (from Amazon) the new Oppo BD83 bluray player and that is another great addition to our home theater. You can't find a bad review about the 83. Anyway, A real fine experience and maybe my rating will change to 5 star after I have lived with the 6004 for awhile.	USB port for iPod Digital connection, Dolby TrueHD, dts-HD MA and Dolby ProLogic IIz decording, Audessey MultEQ&Dynamic Volume, Color GUI, Analog to HDMI scalling, RX101Bluetooth Receiver included for iPhone/Mobile, M-DAX compressed audio expander
21459	Finaly, almost a perfect GPS	I've had many GPSes. This is the best of them. It has many features, so many, that some of them are not even emphasized/mentioned/described in the manual. For example, 1. Auto-Zoom: I love it. It is very "aggressive" changing the zoom and angle depending on how far the next maneuver is. I always see what I want: from an overview of next few miles to a close-up of my next turn. 2. Volume Level based on current speed: other GPS are too loud when driving 20mph and too quiet when driving 75mph. Maestro 4370 adjusts sound volume level to the speed. 3. It turns itself on/off when you start/stop the car. 4. You can choose from ABC/QWERTY keyboards (ABC is a show-stopper for me). Keys that are invalid at a certain point of entering an address are disabled - great feature reducing keyboard errors. 5. Offers to save location when external power is disconnected. 6. AAA POI/ratings database. 7. Route options: it shows you on a map 4 routes created using different routing parameters. Routes are drawn with different colors. What a joy! 8. The screen is high resolution and beautiful. 9. Next maneuver commands are clear and given ahead of time. You have plenty of time to get to the best lane. Plus, 4370 has lane guidance/assist. 10. GPS fix time is very good. 11. FM traffic reception is good. 12. POI database is pretty good. 13. One-touch POI access is a great feature. 14. Tells street side of the destination. ------ Decent, not great: 1. BT hand-free calling could be louder and more reliable. Perhaps, my phone (ATI Tilt) is not 100% compatible. 2. No phone book import over BT. 3. The touch screen is not always perfectly responsive. Maybe, I have to get used to this particular device. 4. The screen is gorgeous, but reflective.	Effortless navigation! Get instant access to your favorite places, features, and points of interest with the BrandXYZ Maestro 4370 OneTouch menu. BrandXYZ?s exclusive OneTouch interface puts your favorite routes, searches, and applications just a single touch away. Simply customize the menu to display the icons of the items you want easy access to - restaurants, banks, businesses, and so many more. Now with OneTouch, you?ll have your favorites at your fingertips.
21494	magellan maestro 4370	received unit 2 days late got to love usps,very disapointed it came with all the info of the previous owner wich a wasen't able to delet all of it yet,and also has his initials carved at the bottom of the unit.first try to update the os crashed good thing i backed up the files,and it's not to acurate on the destination ex:says destination on the left when it's actualy on the right,so far the building 3d feature doesen't work.was able to suscribe to the 3 month free trafic info with AAA,but doesen't work so far.everything was in the box exept a tiny screw wich is no big deal. i would sugest to get a new unit if you can aford it,cause you get what you pay for. but over all for the first gps experiance it's worth the purchas	Effortless navigation! Get instant access to your favorite places, features, and points of interest with the BrandXYZ Maestro 4370 OneTouch menu. BrandXYZ?s exclusive OneTouch interface puts your favorite routes, searches, and applications just a single touch away. Simply customize the menu to display the icons of the items you want easy access to - restaurants, banks, businesses, and so many more. Now with OneTouch, you?ll have your favorites at your fingertips.
21453	Fine machine with a few lil things	It's a great machine. It's light. It's really thin. It performs like a big ol' laptop. I don't know about massive performance - I'm not a gamer... just a guy who uses a laptop for work, surfing, writing, editing pics, videos. And it works really well. The funk comes with the touchpad and click bar. And the scroll buttons. Other odd keyboard anomalies. But with a small wireless mouse and some getting used to the layout, it's going to be fine. (But really, the mouse and click bar thing really sucks.) Overall I'm really happy not lugging my big heavy short-battery-life-with-a-list-of-things-that-just-stopped-working-HP 6100 series laptop around. This machine is a refreshing change in weight and function. (So many HP computers out there for so little money, but I won't ever buy another one. What a piece...) The included external optical drive didn't work right out of the box, but I found the MSI tech support in L.A. to be efficient and quick with the RMA.	A great companion for the road, the ultra-slim BrandXYZ X600-031US notebook PC weighs just 4.6 pounds and is only 0.98 inches thick at its thickest point. While its near weightlessness and ultra-thin exterior fuse graceful design with trendsetting style, the X600 does not compromise with powerful technology. In addition to a bright, high-definition 15.6-inch LED-backlit screen (with true 16:9 theatrical aspect ratio for watching widescreen movies), this X600 offers smooth video from the ATI HD 4...
21454	Slim Laptop--mouse is a little fickle	I purchased the MSI X600 about 1 month ago and have been very pleased with it except for a few design issues. The biggest plus is the light weight and excellent screen. The minuses would be the processor is a little slow and the palm of my hand tends to touch the mouse pad while typing causing me to loose my place. Overall great computer for surfing the web while lounging on the couch. I would not use this for heavy typing due to the keyboard.	A great companion for the road, the ultra-slim BrandXYZ X600-031US notebook PC weighs just 4.6 pounds and is only 0.98 inches thick at its thickest point. While its near weightlessness and ultra-thin exterior fuse graceful design with trendsetting style, the X600 does not compromise with powerful technology. In addition to a bright, high-definition 15.6-inch LED-backlit screen (with true 16:9 theatrical aspect ratio for watching widescreen movies), this X600 offers smooth video from the ATI HD 4...
21455	A slim computer with plenty of power.	This computer is great. I run some demanding software and it runs them like a charm just like that. It is very lightweight like a slim should be but with an unusual big display. So Great! To really enjoy the sound system you need to add some accessory so it can reveal her hidden power! That will be available! The Graphic is really great for cinema! The low voltage CPU allow to have plenty of time before recharging! Great laptop!	A great companion for the road, the ultra-slim BrandXYZ X600-031US notebook PC weighs just 4.6 pounds and is only 0.98 inches thick at its thickest point. While its near weightlessness and ultra-thin exterior fuse graceful design with trendsetting style, the X600 does not compromise with powerful technology. In addition to a bright, high-definition 15.6-inch LED-backlit screen (with true 16:9 theatrical aspect ratio for watching widescreen movies), this X600 offers smooth video from the ATI HD 4...
21458	Moving from a TomTom	So far so good with this refurb. It came with all the parts but one and that was a tiny safety screw for the mount that I can pick up at the hardware. I was able to register the device with Magellan no problem. The Magellan did boot up with a CE Operating System error first time but, was a message that said to reboot and report if it continues. So far it has not come back. (TomTom OS has never error-ed) The SMS texting feature does not work (Paired with BlackBerry). Magellan has a disclaimer on the text feature. It only works on some cell phones. Using the hands free calling does work. The sound quality on the receiving end "from the built in speaker" is not the greatest. Using the factory warranty (well) I hope it never comes up. I did buy the SquareTrade warranty with this to be safe. No trial period on the Traffic Service so I have not turned it on yet. My TomTom was and is still great and after 2 years my stepson has it. I needed a bigger screen and read good things on Megellan while shopping.	Effortless navigation! Get instant access to your favorite places, features, and points of interest with the BrandXYZ Maestro 4370 OneTouch menu. BrandXYZ?s exclusive OneTouch interface puts your favorite routes, searches, and applications just a single touch away. Simply customize the menu to display the icons of the items you want easy access to - restaurants, banks, businesses, and so many more. Now with OneTouch, you?ll have your favorites at your fingertips.
21461	Very Nice GPS!...Just Like New!...Worth every Penny!	This is a very good deal! I had several others before but this one is the winner based on it's built quality, features & cheap price. I received it in a retail factory refurbished box including all new contents. The GPS unit itself was just like brand new with protective shield on front & back. No sign of use at all ! Booted up as a fresh factory product. The Magellan software & Firmware update process was smooth & easy & I did update my unit to the latest version in a minute after I installed it's Windows software. The Map screen is clean & easy to read. Also, TTS guide voice is smooth & loud. Make sure you fully charge the unit before it can detect satellite signals for first time use. Bluetooth connection setup was very easy & it quickly paired with my Motorola Net10 Cellphone. I had no problem to setup FM transmitter as well. Since this GPS unit has built-in 2GB flash memory for map software, you will have full space of your SDHC memory card for your media to load (It is working with my 8GB SDHC card with no problem). It's playback quality is very good for all Photos, Mp3s & Video. But, be aware that it only plays .Avi video files with Xvid codec for video & "PCM" for audio which doubles the total file size of your video files (Currently It can not play .avi files with mp3 audio codec! Magellan people are aware of this issue & working on it to post a new Firmware update soon) This is an Excellent buy & you will save $300 !	Effortless navigation! Get instant access to your favorite places, features, and points of interest with the BrandXYZ Maestro 4370 OneTouch menu. BrandXYZ?s exclusive OneTouch interface puts your favorite routes, searches, and applications just a single touch away. Simply customize the menu to display the icons of the items you want easy access to - restaurants, banks, businesses, and so many more. Now with OneTouch, you?ll have your favorites at your fingertips.
21462	best for price and funtionality	i read a lot about all gps. i first settled on garmin 760. I later saw this refurbished product on amazon and decided to try it. since it is refurbished, the device came with some previous owner's information but i just had to reset it to factory setting to erase all previous owner information. this devise is comparable to garmin 1390 which costs $300 where as this magellan is being sold for $100 only. it looks new like it has never been used. just update the firmware and you are ready to hit the road. will highly recommend to friends.	Effortless navigation! Get instant access to your favorite places, features, and points of interest with the BrandXYZ Maestro 4370 OneTouch menu. BrandXYZ?s exclusive OneTouch interface puts your favorite routes, searches, and applications just a single touch away. Simply customize the menu to display the icons of the items you want easy access to - restaurants, banks, businesses, and so many more. Now with OneTouch, you?ll have your favorites at your fingertips.
21466	Great Deal!!!	Over the past few years I owned four different GPS units. This one is definitely the best one. The screen is gorgeous. This hi res screen makes a huge difference. The unit is full of features like lane assist, 3D buildings, Bluetooth, AAA database. As a BT speaker it does not work as well as a standalone piece (I own the Jabra's one). I had some problems paring with my iPhone but eventually I managed to connect. Researching on the internet you can find some tips about hacking the unit. I was able to make the warning screen to disappear after few seconds without clicking OK button, the way most Magellan units behave. Lane assist is a really cool feature. I'm a little bit disappointed with subscription based traffic alerts. Really hate to pay a monthly fee when there are many other units offering it for free. No biggie, as far as I understand it is unreliable at this point anyway. The speaker is, kind of, weak. For the price of $109 I paid for the refurbished unit (which by the way came as new) it's a great deal. Though it is not perfect, I highly recommend it.	Effortless navigation! Get instant access to your favorite places, features, and points of interest with the BrandXYZ Maestro 4370 OneTouch menu. BrandXYZ?s exclusive OneTouch interface puts your favorite routes, searches, and applications just a single touch away. Simply customize the menu to display the icons of the items you want easy access to - restaurants, banks, businesses, and so many more. Now with OneTouch, you?ll have your favorites at your fingertips.
21473	EXCELLENT GPS	We've had a Garmin for years and passed it down to our daughter. We found an excellent deal on this Magellan and have been very pleased with the device so far.	Effortless navigation! Get instant access to your favorite places, features, and points of interest with the BrandXYZ Maestro 4370 OneTouch menu. BrandXYZ?s exclusive OneTouch interface puts your favorite routes, searches, and applications just a single touch away. Simply customize the menu to display the icons of the items you want easy access to - restaurants, banks, businesses, and so many more. Now with OneTouch, you?ll have your favorites at your fingertips.
21488	Magellan Maestro 4370	Received in like new condition for being a refurb. So far works great. Excellent screen. Comes with 3 month traffic which works well.very happy with purchase.	Effortless navigation! Get instant access to your favorite places, features, and points of interest with the BrandXYZ Maestro 4370 OneTouch menu. BrandXYZ?s exclusive OneTouch interface puts your favorite routes, searches, and applications just a single touch away. Simply customize the menu to display the icons of the items you want easy access to - restaurants, banks, businesses, and so many more. Now with OneTouch, you?ll have your favorites at your fingertips.
21491	defective	second one that does not work. The first allowed me to charge it, it turned on and immediately turned off automatically, could not even use it. The second one worked only showing how to get there bit not actually getting you there, it wa like in a demo frozen state.Completely useless. I will try a 3rd one if not good I will give up.	Effortless navigation! Get instant access to your favorite places, features, and points of interest with the BrandXYZ Maestro 4370 OneTouch menu. BrandXYZ?s exclusive OneTouch interface puts your favorite routes, searches, and applications just a single touch away. Simply customize the menu to display the icons of the items you want easy access to - restaurants, banks, businesses, and so many more. Now with OneTouch, you?ll have your favorites at your fingertips.
21492	Beware of Refurbished Units!!!!	Just received this from Amazon. Great looking unit when it works. However, it only powers on when plugged in. Theres a reason why its 150 bucks cheaper than a new model. Never understood why these companies send the units out when they're not really fixed??? Oh well. Live and learn. We'll see if the next refurbished model that Amazon sends me is any better.	Effortless navigation! Get instant access to your favorite places, features, and points of interest with the BrandXYZ Maestro 4370 OneTouch menu. BrandXYZ?s exclusive OneTouch interface puts your favorite routes, searches, and applications just a single touch away. Simply customize the menu to display the icons of the items you want easy access to - restaurants, banks, businesses, and so many more. Now with OneTouch, you?ll have your favorites at your fingertips.
21499	Hercules ePlug - Easy wireless capability	I wanted to connect a wireless camera to my computer, but the camera setup process was long and difficult, and the camera's wireless capability didn't always work well. I bought the Hercules ePlug and literally just plugged the modules in. In less than five minutes I had fully functioning, reliable wireless connectivity. It could not have been easier.	Enables users to connect puters modems or Inter boxes game consoles and more using their home's electrical outlets and to share an Inter connection throughout their home. *Each equipment item requires 1 BrandXYZ ePlug? adaptor. 2 powerline munication adaptors are included in the box to get you started instantly! A simple and user-friendly Setup Wizard enables you to easily add your additional BrandXYZ ePlug? 85 adaptor to your current powerline munication work. INTERNET EVERYWHERE: Enjoy bandwid...
21501	Beware - BACKUP only drive!!	I bought the 1TB version of this drive only to discover that it is NOT like the excellent 160GB and 320GB Seagate BlackArmor drives! It is a BACKUP-ONLY drive that you HAVE to use with the included Acronis True Image/Seagate BlackArmor Backup software. You cannot use it as a simple (hardware) encrypted storage drive. The manufacturer is trying to get follow-on sales by branding it as a "BlackArmor" drive, hoping to fool you into thinking it is an encrypted storage drive. The research I did BEFORE buying my drive implied you could use it as a very fast hardware-encrypted storage (like the earlier 160GB & 320GB BlackArmor drives), but you cannot. I have RETURNED mine and will wait for the Marketing MORONS at Seagate to properly brand and put out a REAL BlackArmor 1TB+ Hardware-based, government-grade (256-bit+) encrypted hard drive.	Business-grade software, a reliable BrandXYZ hard drive and incredibly fast eSATA / USB connectivity make the BlackArmor WS 110 drive a powerful external storage and backup solution for your digital assets. The BlackArmor Backup software, preloaded on the drive, offers full-system backup, which includes the operating system, all of your programs, setting, email? Everything! Plus, you can choose to safeguard your backed up files with AES 256-bit government-grade encryption. If you accidentally de...
21502	Don't bother.	I had this and am currently looking for a replacement because it died. I guarantee this will last you less than a year. After that: paperweight. Staples will replace it and it will die. Its a vicious cycle that is not worth the money you save. I just want something to shred my bills.	Heavy duty, with up to 100 uses per day Accepts BrandXYZ and paper clips and also shreds CDs/DVDs and credit cards Rubberized handle with stainless steel trim Lightweight, pullout bin for easy emptying Overload protection with auto reverse feature.
21503	Works fine, until it doesn't	Had it for about a year, until it suddenly died. Power light comes on, but it won't accept paper, and the manual forward and reverse buttons do nothing. After reading around on the web, I found someone who commented that the electronics in the thing are poorly designed and will burn out quickly. Won;t buy from Staples again, that's for sure.	Heavy duty, with up to 100 uses per day Accepts BrandXYZ and paper clips and also shreds CDs/DVDs and credit cards Rubberized handle with stainless steel trim Lightweight, pullout bin for easy emptying Overload protection with auto reverse feature.
21505	Worth the high cost!	These small computer speakers are worth their high price because they are accurate sound reproducers of many types of music and are very portable. Base response is adequate, about the same as the small Bose Wave/CD player. Accuracy of music reproduction is not quite as good as the Wave/CD player, but of course stereo separation is much better. Neither of these systems is suitable for all music; Beethoven's 9th will sound much better on larger systems, as will explosions and space shuttle liftoffs. But for instrumental ensembles, opera selections, folk music, pop standards, etc., these speakers are fine. One warning; when I got these speakers home, they did not perform as well as they did in the Bose store. What I found was that the Windows Media player did not give good results, but Nero Media player did. So software matters.	The BrandXYZ Computer MusicMonitor was developed for the growing number of people who use their computers for personal entertainment--and want accurate, detailed sound from an elegant yet unobtrusive system. Until now, high quality desktop sound with deep, realistic low tones has come only from large speakers or a three-piece system with a bass module. Our new MusicMonitor is an alternative for serious listeners who prefer a two-piece solution offering performance, simplicity--and more desktop s...
21506	Pricey but small with great sound	I wanted a pair of computer speakers that are small, look nice, sound great and don't have a bass unit. These speakers fit the bill. The sound is amazing given the size of the speakers. I was using a JBL with a big base unit that I didn't have a good spot for and hated looking at. The Bose speakers actually sound better. They will fill a good sized room with very nice sound. I rated them 4 stars instead of 5 because I think $400 is a lot of money, but I have found nothing that sounds better for the size. And I tried out many. Highly recommended.	The BrandXYZ Computer MusicMonitor was developed for the growing number of people who use their computers for personal entertainment--and want accurate, detailed sound from an elegant yet unobtrusive system. Until now, high quality desktop sound with deep, realistic low tones has come only from large speakers or a three-piece system with a bass module. Our new MusicMonitor is an alternative for serious listeners who prefer a two-piece solution offering performance, simplicity--and more desktop s...
21510	Impressive Monitor	While I usually reserve judgment on any item I buy before I have used it for enough time to evaluate, I feel the need to share this with potential buyers. I have owned an AOC monitor before, had it for four years, and it was entirely satisfactory for my needs. To quantify a bit, I am not a 'gamer' in the adventure sense of the word, but range over board and cards games and internet videos etc. So that might make a difference in my evaluation. I have had this monitor for less than a week, and it has been very satisfactory. I do have one caution however. I am an 'older' user, and do not possess the current tech knowledge of the young and quick of mind. So when I unpacked this monitor, the only thing I had to set it up was one page of graphics. No text. Graphics, 1 through 8. The manual as is now the norm was on a CD. So having successfully found all the appropriate hookups, I was encouraged when I did get a full screen first time power up. However, in order to have it function correctly, one needed to install the driver. Given that adjustments needed to be made to obtain good visual here, one had to read the instructions on the CD. Drilling down, you did, if you could read the text, find how to install the driver, ignoring! by the way, the Microsoft warning that you did not possess the LOGO and could severely cause harm to your system! In addition, you needed to find what resolution was recommended. Once you had gotten beyond those hurdles, the monitor finally began to look like something you did not regret buying. With help from other sources, I was confident to ignore the Microsoft warning. You could find this same recommendation very far down on some of the setup pages, but again, it would be so nice to have been forewarned with these basics so as to begin the experience with a screen you could read well. I have yet to explore the full potential of this monitor. I did find that in looking at photos I had taken with my digital camera, the detail was greatly enhanced with this monitor. After more use, I hope to add to this review, and in no way diminish the quality of this item, only the basic getting started frustrations that, with a few words could have made it easier. AOC probably enjoys a market overseas to a greater extent, and perhaps their requirements deserve a different approach.	The 36 series 2436Vw has a unique external design, framing the screen in a glossy finish with sea shell texture.The BrandXYZ 2436Vw offers premium picture quality for graphics-intensive applications. It comes with 60000:1(DCR) contrast ratio, which delivers exceptional image clarity, and 160-degree viewing angle to provide increased visibility from side viewpoints. To make the monitor more convenient to users, the 2436Vw has USB ports and touch keys which increases its appearance.An unique featu...
21511	Very nice monitor for the price	The monitor is cleverly packed in a box that looks too small to hold a 24" monitor inside. Physical set up is straightforward and easy. You don't need tools to tighten a single screw holding the base. No height adjustment; tilt can be adjusted by bending the steel plate connecting the monitor to the base. No problem for most users, but if you like to adjust your monitor position a lot, don't choose this model. Changing settings is not as easy as with most other monitors I've seen. The menu consists of icons (no words in English or any other language), so you may want to keep your instruction CD handy. Also, the menu is controlled by 3 buttons (up, down and menu), so pressing "menu" means "select" or "cancel" depending on the context. After playing with it for a while, I got the hang of it and was able to change settings with some confidence. I like the quality of the picture. Also a nice surprise, when DVI signal is lost ("turn monitor off" setting for screen saver in Windows), it enters the power save mode, unlike some other monitors I have (they stay on with "HDMI no signal" message). The bottom line: a very nice and solid full-HD monitor for the lowest price possible. Probably not for gamers and graphics artists, but definitely a good choice for regular users.	The 36 series 2436Vw has a unique external design, framing the screen in a glossy finish with sea shell texture.The BrandXYZ 2436Vw offers premium picture quality for graphics-intensive applications. It comes with 60000:1(DCR) contrast ratio, which delivers exceptional image clarity, and 160-degree viewing angle to provide increased visibility from side viewpoints. To make the monitor more convenient to users, the 2436Vw has USB ports and touch keys which increases its appearance.An unique featu...
21512	Good Company	The AOC 2436 Monitor worked very well at first, then seemed to have problems. AOC replaced the monitor - almost immediately, but it displayed the same problems. The problems came from my video card. The monitors were both good. We are well pleased with the monitor and the company.	The 36 series 2436Vw has a unique external design, framing the screen in a glossy finish with sea shell texture.The BrandXYZ 2436Vw offers premium picture quality for graphics-intensive applications. It comes with 60000:1(DCR) contrast ratio, which delivers exceptional image clarity, and 160-degree viewing angle to provide increased visibility from side viewpoints. To make the monitor more convenient to users, the 2436Vw has USB ports and touch keys which increases its appearance.An unique featu...
21513	Terrific reliable quiet fast drive	This drive is just what the doctor ordered. I have 5 of these working in two locations. They are quiet and fast. I installed some of them in a Windows environment and was glad to have a Macbook Pro to format them as they come formatted for Macs with no way to format them to NTFS without a Mac. I'm using them with FW800 interface and am extremely pleased with them. Some work very hard in an office environment as external backups to a raid set - doing updates every 10 minutes. They continue to work flawlessly and I'd recommend them to anyone. In one case it replaced a Lacie drive and I'm delighted at the difference - especially the sound levels. I've also used WD and Maxtor external drives and there's simply no comparison in terms of quality, speed and quiet. On my Macbook I have it set to "sleep" if it's not in use and it wakes up in about 5 seconds when needed. I will be purchasing 2 more of these in the near future.	G-DRIVE external storage solutions from BrandXYZ offer industry leading performance and are ideal for digital audio and video editing, graphic design, and high-speed data backup. G-DRIVE is also a great place to store your digital photos, MP3s and other important files that you can?t be without.
21514	Bad Drive Controller - Returned Less Than 24 Hours	I received the drive yesterday afternoon. I have several G-drives 500mb. I bought this drive for the extra space. I started copying 165 mb of data from the Mac to the new G-Drive. It took over 4 hours. In contrast, it took 20 minutes on the older 500 mb G Drives. I called G-Technology. First, they had me reboot and power off the drive. I restarted the copy and it started fast and within 2 minutes in slowed to a crawl...another 4 hours. I called them again this morning and they said that they had been experiencing that problem with the version before this, but not the Gen4, which is what this one is. I have been a big fan of G-Drive, but it seems as though they have gone down. I noted several complaints online and a person on Creative Cow said he experienced the same problem. Thank goodness I bought it on Amazon. No hassle return policy.	G-DRIVE external storage solutions from BrandXYZ offer industry leading performance and are ideal for digital audio and video editing, graphic design, and high-speed data backup. G-DRIVE is also a great place to store your digital photos, MP3s and other important files that you can?t be without.
21515	Bad controller so it's going back	I can't recommend this drive. Despite the beautiful case design and build quality, the HD controller has failed and makes it impossible to work on. My Adobe apps crash, the computer freezes, and the drive becomes unresponsive. I'm working to have it replaced by G-Tech. At least their customer service is answering their email, and I'm hopeful the "NEW" design will be better. For now, I Recommend buying another brand.	G-DRIVE external storage solutions from BrandXYZ offer industry leading performance and are ideal for digital audio and video editing, graphic design, and high-speed data backup. G-DRIVE is also a great place to store your digital photos, MP3s and other important files that you can?t be without.
21516	Drives Fail Repeatedly, Quality does not match looks.	I purchased these drives because I was looking for a "professional" grade storage solution. They are NOT a professional drive, and I have had better performance and reliability from consumer grade products. The drives unmount randomly, they do not automatically remount, they drop during file transfers or other I/O operations, and they at times remain corrupted requiring repair with hard drive recovery tools. In just a few months of light use (drives used weekly for offline archiving/backups) both drives exhibit some sort of failure within 2-3 hours of use. One drive failed completely and has been replaced. (the replacement service was slow, but they handled the issue well) It breaks my heart that these drives just don't perform relative to their beautiful design, but I can not recommend these drives to anyone. The product forums are also filled with these same type of issues, please be careful before purchasing these products.	G-DRIVE external storage solutions from BrandXYZ offer industry leading performance and are ideal for digital audio and video editing, graphic design, and high-speed data backup. G-DRIVE is also a great place to store your digital photos, MP3s and other important files that you can?t be without.
21517	It just works, again!	After the hard drive in my iMac suffered a catastrophic failure, I wanted an external drive to use for Time Machine, but wasn't impressed with Apple's Time Capsule. This drive was easy to set up for use as a Time Machine drive, and it has proven invaluable for the recovery of files that I have deleted prematurely. It is large enough to partition for use as a scratch drive for my video editing and photography without constraining the Time Machine partition. I like that the manufacturer is local to me and after talking with them a few times on the phone before the purchase, I am confident that if any issues arise with the drive, I won't have any problems with getting a replacement.	G-DRIVE external storage solutions from BrandXYZ offer industry leading performance and are ideal for digital audio and video editing, graphic design, and high-speed data backup. G-DRIVE is also a great place to store your digital photos, MP3s and other important files that you can?t be without.
21518	Worth every penny	With my 300GB drive too small I went shopping for a new 1 TB drive (the first time in 3 years). Over the years, I've bought several Seagate/Lacie externals and Seagate/IBM (now Hitachi) internal drives. Some drives are certainly faster and quieter than others; some are downright annoying but you just can't tell from the specs alone which I why I rely on reviews. To my dismay, I discovered through my research that every brand/model of drive has received poor reviews. It would seem that computer reliability has increased to the level that the hard drive is the weak link in the system now. Having a reliable backup drive is more important than ever so I crossed my fingers and went with G-Tech based on its feature set and my previous positive experience with Hitachi (owns G-Tech) drive mechanisms. Enclosure Pros: - eSATA/FW800/FW400/USB2 - every kind of cable included (rare! and a great value fro money) - on/off button - sturdy metal case - no annoying fan - drive mounts to sled with heat-sink that protrudes from bottom of case for improved cooling - hundreds of ventilation holes at front and sides - combo power/activity light - attractive case Mechanism Pros: - very quiet drive - fast 69MB/s read, 58 MB/s write (over FW800 w/ MacBook Pro 2007) - haven't tested eSATA yet - HFS+ formatted for instant use on Macs Cons: - enclosure is larger than the typical upright design (5" x 9 1/4" x 1 3/4") (However, I'm very happy with the enclosure (G-Tech: please don't change a thing). After buying this unit, I may never buy a drive in a plastic enclosure again. This is a solidly made unit compared to the flimsy offerings on the store shelves today. Why companies like WD stuff two already hot drives into the same enclosure with no fan is beyond me. G-Tech has a much better design for a raid enclosure. I have the need for a portable drive and it will be another model from G-Tech: the 2.5" G-Drive mini. This product is a winner.	G-DRIVE external storage solutions from BrandXYZ offer industry leading performance and are ideal for digital audio and video editing, graphic design, and high-speed data backup. G-DRIVE is also a great place to store your digital photos, MP3s and other important files that you can?t be without.
21519	Unreliable out of the box, horrendous customer support.	Nice looking drive. That's where the positives end, unfortunately. Mine CONSTANTLY became unresponsive, and not ONCE was it able to complete a full system back-up on my very lightly used, brand-new iMac. I finally stopped attempting to use it completely after it caused several freezes and system crashes. I called G-Tech and described the problem, and they weren't at all surprised.. apparently it's a common problem. So I sent to them to have it repaired/replaced under warranty (I had to pay the shipping), and waited. And waited... And waited. I finally called them today, almost a month and a half later to get an update and it turns out my drive has just been sitting in their lab untouched for over a month-- they haven't even started working on it yet. They will "try" to get to it soon though. All I want now is my money back, but obviously that's not an option for them. Unreliable product, terrible customer support. Looks can definitely be deceiving.	G-DRIVE external storage solutions from BrandXYZ offer industry leading performance and are ideal for digital audio and video editing, graphic design, and high-speed data backup. G-DRIVE is also a great place to store your digital photos, MP3s and other important files that you can?t be without.
21520	G-Technology G-DRIVE 1 TB USB2.0/FireWire 400/800/eSATA Desktop External Hard Drive GD41000	Very fast. What I wanted. I use the FireWire 800 attached to my iMac and use this for a Time Machine backup. Solid as a rock so far (6 weeks). The unit is a lot longer than I anticipated though (about 2 times the length of a 3.5" drive.)	G-DRIVE external storage solutions from BrandXYZ offer industry leading performance and are ideal for digital audio and video editing, graphic design, and high-speed data backup. G-DRIVE is also a great place to store your digital photos, MP3s and other important files that you can?t be without.
21521	Most unreliable drive I've ever experienced.	This drive has had an easy life in my home. However, it began to fail to mount after a few months. I paid to ship it back to G-Tech for repair, and all seemed fine when I got it back. A month later when I went to use it again, it failed to mount AGAIN. I called G-Tech, and they said it was repaired with a faulty part (widespread problem). They said they'd send me an email to get it repaired again. I never got the email, and I haven't been able to get this resolved. I paid $350 for this drive just over a year ago for reliability. It has been anything but reliable. Even if I do get it repaired again, I will never be able to trust it.	G-DRIVE external storage solutions from BrandXYZ offer industry leading performance and are ideal for digital audio and video editing, graphic design, and high-speed data backup. G-DRIVE is also a great place to store your digital photos, MP3s and other important files that you can?t be without.
21522	Solid Drive, Great Time Machine Backup	I use this drive as a Time Machine Backup. Aesthetically G drive is amazing, they have a great warranty and the drive has been very reliable thus far. Highly recommended	G-DRIVE external storage solutions from BrandXYZ offer industry leading performance and are ideal for digital audio and video editing, graphic design, and high-speed data backup. G-DRIVE is also a great place to store your digital photos, MP3s and other important files that you can?t be without.
4271	2 out of 12	Just got these radios in. Out of the twelve radios I bought two cannot are defective. You can speak, but not hear. The speakers are probably broken? So I am trying to get in touch with someone at amazon.com now to try and exchange them for a working pair. As for the ones that do work, well they work great. Loud and clear transmissions. Distance is fine for city use. 1 1/2 NYC blocks. Battery life is so so. After having a radio on the charger for 24 hours, and only using the radio for an hour, the indicator drops a bar. For what these are, I guess they aren't too bad.	With a range of up to 28 miles, the Talkabout? T9680RSAME uses both FRS and GMRS frequencies, providing more channels. iVOX hands-free communication without the need of an audio accessory
4273	GARBAGE	I bought 8 of these for our school to use for communication. The range is great, but they lack quality speakers. It is very difficult to understand the person speaking. Stay away from these!!	With a range of up to 28 miles, the Talkabout? T9680RSAME uses both FRS and GMRS frequencies, providing more channels. iVOX hands-free communication without the need of an audio accessory
4274	A gift to a a teenage boy	My teenage boy neighbor will love this as a birthday gift. It will enable him to carry on secret communications with a close boyfriend or maybe a close girlfriend. He is just like I was fifty five years ago.	With a range of up to 28 miles, the Talkabout? T9680RSAME uses both FRS and GMRS frequencies, providing more channels. iVOX hands-free communication without the need of an audio accessory
21523	SX20 IS Great Hybrid Camera For Video And Stills	Let me start off by saying that I'm not a professional photographer. My decision to purchase the SX20 IS was based on a desire to get an excellent still shot camera, with high capacity zoom, that also had HD Video (720p) capabilities. So, I began my research and spent many hours scouring the web to make an informed decision. I had narrowed my choice to the Canon SX20 IS and the Panasonic DMC-FZ35. Here are some of the key specs of each camera: Optical Zoom (Canon: 20, Pana: 18) Still image files (Canon: Not Raw, Pana: Raw) Articulating LCD (Canon: Yes, Pana: No) 720p HD video per 2 GB (Canon: 10 min 33 sec, Pana: 15 min) Video file format (Canon: .mov, Pana: AVCHD Lite) Battery Type: (Canon: 4 AA, Pana: Li-ion rechargeable) Stereo Audio (Both) SD Card Storage (Both) [...]. In the end I decided to go with Canon for a few key reasons: #1. The articulating LCD (pull out, tilt/move) was a key factor, as I wanted to be able to shoot from many different angles. It came in handy very soon--the second time I used the camera--I was able to whip out the LCD and get some decent shots at a football game when I had to raise the camera high over my head to shoot over the folks standing in front of me. #2. The ability to easily share video files. The .mov file format is a more widely accepted format, which can easily be shared (without processing/conversion). The files are accepted on sites such as You Tube. The files can be played with Quicktime and other media players (e.g. VLC). Although the Panasonic camera uses a format which is more compressed and allows more data to be stored on an SD card, the file format is not as wide spread and not as easy to share with others, without converting the file. #3. Consumer Reports rankings for last year's model: Canon #1, Pana #5 (SX10 IS & Pana DMC-FZ28). I suspect the SX20 IS will follow the same trend this year when Consumer Reports releases their test results for 2009. #4. Canon takes AA batteries. This makes the camera slightly heavier, but you'll always be able to get economical batteries in a pinch, without the need for buying a proprietary lithium ion battery. May I recommend Sanyo Eneloop rechargeable batteries. I bought some new on Amazon. They are excellent. I haven't charged them yet and I've taken 120 pictures and 40 minutes plus of 720p video. I've also played back the pictures and movies on my TV/Projector and transferred all files to my computer, using the same batteries, without charging them. And they are "..still going..." Here are some sample pictures taken with the SX20 IS. Keep in mind that Flickr doesn't display the full, original picture which was taken in maximum resolution (in auto mode). [...]. I've taken some great up-close family shots and macro shots. They look great and are very detailed. I took some night/action pics (with the flash) and adjusted the shutter speed and ISO settings and the pictures looked great, given the conditions. [...]. I apologize for the camera jitter in advance as I didn't have a tri-pod and I was in a tight area in the Stadium when I took the shots. I must admit that I am thoroughly impressed with the video quality/resolution. I shot sample video from my 1 year old camcorder (Panasonic SDR-H40, a standard definition hard drive camcorder) and shot the same footage with the SX20 IS. The difference in quality was amazing. Not only was the Canon much sharper, but the richness and vibrance of the colors was so much better. I sold my SDR-H40 on Ebay within two days. I now will have only one camera to shoot stills and 720p HD video--the Canon SX20 IS. The videos from the SX20 IS looked awesome--on both my 32 inch 720p LCD and my 100+ inch screen via a 720p DLP projector. I connected the camera with an HDMI cable and bam, I was ready to watch great video and view still shots "on the big screen." See the above referenced links for video footage yourself. If I were given the opportunity to watch a football game shot in standard definition by ESPN or an HD version of the same game, shot with the SX20 IS (on a tripod, without my hand jitter), I'd pick the latter in a heart beat. No buyer's remorse here! If you are looking for an SLR type camera, that does awesome stills and great 720p HD video (both zoomable at 20x optical), you'd be hard pressed to get more bang for your buck then the SX20 IS on Amazon. One minor issue I've noticed is that when zooming in/out while shooting video, you can here a slight "click" when you initiate the zoom and when you stop the zoom. There is NO noise heard while the lens is zooming/telescoping in/out; the "click" is only heard when the zoom is initiated and when the zoom is stopped. The "click" is not that noticeable. I had to shoot footage in silence, after the kids had gone to bed, in order to distinguish the "click." In most shooting environments I don't expect it to be much of an issue. Best of luck with your purchase decision. P.S. By the way, the owner manual states that you must use the Canon software to transfer images/movies from the camera to a PC, else movies will not transfer (frames will be dropped) correctly and images shot vertically may be transferred in the horizontal orientation. So, don't just do a copy/paste of the files them self from the SD card. Keep this in mind as you view sample video on the web.	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
4390	it DOES work with Comcast and Mac	The only other reviewer of this product rated it only 1 star because he said it did not wok with Comcast. Well, I have Comcast and it works just fine for me. I had to call tech support because I have a Mac and the router's start-up disc doesn't work with a Mac. I spent about 15 minutes on the phone with the lady and she had me up and running no problem. My issue had to do with my having an iMac, not Comcast. My only complaint so far is that there is no start-up disc for Mac users or no documentation in the packaging about being able to go to the Linksys website where it is very easy to install this product online . Linksys should really get with the program and start taking care of us Apple based consumers... Not all of us can afford the $179 and up for Air Port Extreme.	The RangePlus Wireless Router is really three devices in one box. First, there`s the Wireless Access Point, which lets you connect to the network without wires. There`s also a built-in 4-port full-duplex 10/100 Switch to connect your wired-Ethernet devices together. Finally, the Router function ties it all together and lets your whole network share a high-speed cable or DSL Internet connection. With the BrandXYZ RangePlus Wireless Router at the center of your home or office network, you can shar...
21524	I bought the SX20 because I had good luck with the SX10	I shoot all kinds of stuff with all kinds of cameras. I am a working photographer who shoots for advertising and corporate client as well as to make images for my own books about photography. Over the last two years I've been using small cameras like the Canon G10 and the SX10 for more and more of my work. In the studio, shooting set up shots or small products these cameras shine by dint of their easy to use Live View and increased depth of field. When I bought the SX 10 it was for the long range of the zoom lens which meant I could shoot anything from a construction site to tight shots of the cabins at the top of the construction cranes. I've done some portraits with studio lights and an SX10 and they were also very usable. I wish the SX 10 and SX 20 had raw file capability but they don't. That just means I have to be a bit more careful about WB and exposure. I've used the SX10 at outdoor swim meets and found that the lens performs better than expected right out to the end. So, why the SX 20? Recently I've been asked to do more and more little video snippets for clients and for my publisher and while I like the results from the SX10 I wanted real HD video for the times that a medical practice has asked for video clips for both their website AND for power point and other uses. I wanted the extra detail for the times that they use the clips in projected presentations. The price point works. I've spent a couple days testing the SX 10 and the results are very, very good. The front mounted microphones are of very high quality and the sound for most applications is very acceptable. Would I like a mike input? You bet! Does that sour the deal? Not in the least. The image quality of the stills is just as good as the SX 10 at low ISO's and about 1/2 a stop better at 200 and 400. I'll chalk that up to the new digic processor. All in all the build quality and the easy operation make the camera a winner for me. These days clients are more interested in using images and video in a wide range of multimedia and the SX 20 is a great tool for anything that's headed to the web. I still own traditional DLSR cameras and use them but left to my own devices I find the smaller sensor cameras to be highly competent and very usable. With an SX20 and a G10 I feel like I can handle just about anything except shots that call for narrow depth of field. Traditional photographers may not want to hear that video is becoming a required skill but that won't make it go away. This camera is a cost effective way to get your feet wet, find your way around and get your feet wet. I like it.	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
21532	Awesome Value	I do a lot of web searches for reviews on anything I tend to purchase. I almost purchased the SX10IS which is selling for $370 until I found out that this camera was being released just days ago. I got it yesterday for $400, just $30 more than the SX10IS with more features and so far am very happy with my decision. I played around with it last evening and was very impressed with the features and picture quality. I have a smaller PowerShot that I bought 2 years ago so I am familiar with Canon already. For $400 you cannot go wrong for what you are getting. The only thing that may trun some off is that it is a large "SLR like" camera which cannot be put into your pocket. Since I have a smaller one it wasn't a concern. I highly recommend this camera for those that want a little more quality in photo taking since the lense is larger than the smaller cameras which is beneficial in lower lighting conditions. It also has a mount for an external flash. My Minolta flash I bought in 1988 works with it.	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
21546	Excellent camera for the price and great HD video!	I bought this camera after seeing reviews on some of the web sites. Just 2 days of clicking photo's with this and I am pleased with the photo and Video quality specially!. I was looking for a advanced point and shoot camera with good zoom and HD video. With only $250 away from and DSLR, it was tempting to go for Canon 1000D. Finally I decided to go for this one for following reasons : 1. 20x optical zoom 2. Great natural color pictures. 3. Excellent HD video with zoom in/out facility while shooting! 4. Very easy to operate. I am giving 4 stars as with 12.1MP when I am looking some of the pictures with zoom in, the sharpness is not that much. I am not sure about other camera with similar functions having the same issue. Overall an great buy if you are not ready for the DSLR yet! ..go for it!	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
21551	Great Camera	If you are expecting a DSLR this is not it. But boy it sure is the next best thing. I read all the reviews before making my purchase. My concern was with the comments about noise and picture quality. If you shoot at ASA 800 and enlarge sure you'll notice some noise in the dark areas. When I shoot ASA 400 film I get grainy enlargements too! The SX20IS has enough features to get pictures that will blow the doors off the pictures made with DSLR's in the hands of amatures. I'm tired of changing lenses on my SLR and missing the shot. The zoom on this camera lets me get the shot. Point and shoot shots are very very good but use the features on this camera and get some of the best shots ever. Take control. The IS feature is great but come on - - - You know a tripod is going to improve those long shots. Plus you'll look like a pro.	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
4486	call linksys support to find out that you have to return it to the store	It does not work with comcast cable. You call linksys support, spend ~ an hour trying to configure it and than they tell you to go and buy 54G model that works and to return this one to the store because it does not work !!! ... This is the most "amazing" support experience I had in my life (it is really -1 star - not +1 star)	The RangePlus Wireless Router is really three devices in one box. First, there`s the Wireless Access Point, which lets you connect to the network without wires. There`s also a built-in 4-port full-duplex 10/100 Switch to connect your wired-Ethernet devices together. Finally, the Router function ties it all together and lets your whole network share a high-speed cable or DSL Internet connection. With the BrandXYZ RangePlus Wireless Router at the center of your home or office network, you can shar...
21587	Great camera with one unfortunate caveat. Overall would recommend.	I was planning to buy a digital SLR until I came across this viable alternative. With a hotshoe for a flash (which works with my 380EX Speedlite from my 1990's EOS ElanII), manual controls and an awesome relatively wide to ultrazoom lense, I was smitten. Knowing that I would be substituting some lense quality for portability and convenience, I ordered the camera. After playing with the camera around my house and yard, I'm very content with the picture quality, speed, flash, and versatility. The only caveat is the focusing ability; it's not even as good as my decade old Elan or my relatively compact PowerShot A710 IS. If the camera has a face to focus on it does a decent job, but if you're not taking a picure of a face it's mediocre. I did notice that when using the camera in real life scenarios (and not just playing with it around the house) it did better than I thought it would. Less than a week after purchasing the camera I got to really test it out. I was invited to a CBS taping of the Reba Thanksgiving special. Unfortunately the audience only had 30 seconds to take pics of Reba (absolutely rediculous). Well the camera payed for itself!! I got 25 pics in those 30 seconds using my 380EX Speedlite and only a couple were out of focus. Anyway... I love my PowerShot SX20 IS: awesome pics, amazing and versatile lense (zoom and wide angle), quick performance, versatile settings (from point and shoot to complete manual), articulating screen (realized it's benefit taking pics of Reba), and good HD video. The only negative is the mediocre focusing that isn't really that bad now that I'm using it to take actual pics and not just test shooting. Would highly recommend!!	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
21593	Decent but not good enough	I tried this camera and the Powershot SX1 IS. The SX20 picture quality is noticably inferior- as is the video quality. I called Canon and they explained that the CMOS sensor in the SX1 IS is the primary driver as to why the picture quality is better and it's the reason why the camera is more expensive. I'm sticking with the SX1 IS despite the higher cost- it's worth it	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
21594	So far So Good	I just got this camera yesterday. I am just a regular consumer not a photographer but so far I have been very pleased with this camera. The HD video looks great on my TV. If you just want to take great photos of kids this is your ticket.	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
21604	Good value	While not as sophisticated ( or costly) as a DSLR, this point & shoot offers good quality photos quickly with minimum hassle. The 20X zoom is great for sports and nature shots.	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
21612	Excellent!	I received this three days ago and have used it ever since! I LOVE IT!!! It is by far excellent quality HD still pictures. It is simple to use and provides professional quality pictures. I am still trying to figure out the video and other features of he camera; but it's fairly straight forward to use just out of the box! BUY THIS CAMERA, YOU WILL BE PLEASED AT THE RESULTS!!!!	With a 20x wide-angle zoom, the 12.1-megapixel PowerShot SX20 IS offers intelligent, versatile shooting power. Switch to Smart Auto mode for effortlessly great results, or shoot stunning HD movies.
21628	Back up your data and look cool while you do it	The first thing you are going to notice about the Verbatim Insight portable hard drive is the way it looks. It is small and sleek with a curve on it. And it has a cool looking piano black finish. The next thing you will notice is "always on" 32 x 128 display that lets you personalize the name of the hard drive and see how much space is left. This package comes with the 320 gb hard drive, a USB 2.0 cable, a quickstart guide and Nero backup software that is included on the hard drive. And what makes this even better is that it is compatible with both Macs and PCs. The one negative I have with this is that while it looks nice, it attracts fingerprints like crazy. Now in the end you may find some external hard drives that are cheaper and possibly have more memeory, but they will not look as good as this one. And just think of all the questions you will get from people asking what it is.	For a portable hard drive that continuously displays available free space, take a peak at the BrandXYZ InSight hard drive with an Always On LCD that shows the drive?s available free space and personalized name. The Always On LCD display automatically updates when the drive is connected and/or safely dismounted and is easily renamed right from your PC or MAC. Compatible with all USB connections, the InSight drive includes a USB 2.0 cable, a Quick Start guide and Nero BackItUp software that offer ...
4837	good product	I went to bestbuy, $59, cool, but out of stock. So stopped by Wal-mart, $57, oh even better. Bought it there. (usually amazon's got very good price, but this time, Wal-mart's got the best price :-) ) Went home, plug and play, it is a good dvd player. There are so many good reviews in great details about this product (or other Philips DVP59xx, they're quite similar) in the Amazon site, I'm not going to repeat them. Just simply put, it's a good product. Build quality and material used and how smooth it operates are all good too. BTW, Amazon is a great community format with useful info./review. Thanks for a good job.	BrandXYZ HDMI 1080p DVD player with true high definition video upscaling, D/A converter: 12 bit, 108 MHz progressive Scan, High Def (720p, 1080i, 1080p), Video Upscaling(720p, 1080i/p)192kHz/24 bit audio DAC enhances analogue sound input, High definition JPEG playback for images in true resolution, Brings your PC to your living room with Windows Media Video playback, DivX Ultra for enhanced playback of DivX media files, Plays DivX, MP3, WMA and JPEG digital camera photos, Plays CD, (S)VCD, DVD, ...
21630	SCARY GOOD	I cannot say enough good things about this portable drive! Yes, it's very sleek and easy to use while being highly functional but I still cannot get over the lack of an outside power source; that makes this device golden to me - no extra plugs to add to the jungle behind my pc and TRULY PORTABLE - a thing of beauty. All you need to start it up is the USB cord, which is included. Sure, you could read the instruction booklet (my only complaint is that it measures 2.75 by 4.5" - you might need a magnifying glass to read the print) but it is not necessary. Plug the USB cord into your pc, it is recognized within seconds and you are good to go. It came up as "k" drive for me but it can be personalized (instructions are provided). Another great feature is the small blue lit screen that keeps track of how much storage you have left. Although it states 320 GB of storage, it really offers 297 GB. Verbatim has "Nero Back It Up 4 Essentials" installed for convenience. You can copy most files onto the Insight without any problems. I use it for music along with movies and the guide says it will hold: * 145,555 photos * 80,000 tunes * 640 movies I will get a lot of mileage out of this when I travel. For a few bucks more, Verbatim offers this with 500 GB capacity ( .	For a portable hard drive that continuously displays available free space, take a peak at the BrandXYZ InSight hard drive with an Always On LCD that shows the drive?s available free space and personalized name. The Always On LCD display automatically updates when the drive is connected and/or safely dismounted and is easily renamed right from your PC or MAC. Compatible with all USB connections, the InSight drive includes a USB 2.0 cable, a Quick Start guide and Nero BackItUp software that offer ...
21631	Very nice drive. Mediocre backup software	I'm pretty impressed with this Verbatim 320GB drive. I didn't realize how small and lightweight it actually is. It has a glossy black finish, which may bother some due to it being a fingerprint magnet. The included USB cable is a very short 18". The LCD display is tiny but readable. Installation was a breeze. Just plug it in. (Vista and XP systems tested)The basic Nero BackItUp 4 Essentials software comes on the drive ready for installation onto your main hard drive. If you're not familiar with Nero software, "Essentials" means stripped down, OEM software. It's bare bones, but does just enough to do the job. The version of BackItUp included was outdated, so I got an update from the Nero support site. After getting everything set up, I transferred a few gigabytes of data manually, and ran some benchmarks. The drive did very well for an external USB HD. Using the backup software was a different story. Using "normal" compression and default settings, it took well over an hour to backup only 50GB of data. All in all I like the drive and recommend it, but the slow, bare bones, backup software is not impressive. Also, since the drive is marketed as "portable", a small pouch or case would have been nice. Pro's: Sleek and lightweight Easy installation Good transfer rate 5 Year Limited Warranty Con's Slow, mediocre backup software 18" USB cable	For a portable hard drive that continuously displays available free space, take a peak at the BrandXYZ InSight hard drive with an Always On LCD that shows the drive?s available free space and personalized name. The Always On LCD display automatically updates when the drive is connected and/or safely dismounted and is easily renamed right from your PC or MAC. Compatible with all USB connections, the InSight drive includes a USB 2.0 cable, a Quick Start guide and Nero BackItUp software that offer ...
21634	Fast, Reliable and Attractive	InSight Portable 320 Gb Hard Drive = 5 Stars I have been contemplating buying a mini USB hard drive to replace my older "huge" USB 150gig hard drive for some time now. But every time I made up my mind, the prices started to drop, so I decided to wait until they were at a more respectable range. People use these little portable HD's for various reasons. My reason is plain and simple, I use it to back up my files of pictures, music and any documents I feel important enough not to want to lose in the event of a total meltdown of my computer system. I like this hard drive because it's easy to stow away, loads an abundance of data and it works perfectly. Although it is very portable, I utilize flash drive if I need to transport or retrieve files else where. I picked the 320 gig because it is plenty large enough storage ability. I don't keep all of my eggs in one basket, just in case. This Verbatim InSight has a lighted window that shows your data space still available. Nice feature if you constantly store and transfer data from one drive to another. But because I general copy my new files every month or so, unless I gather files like my daughters wedding pictures, and need to copy them immediately. Although cute, having a meter tell me how much space I have left is just something else to go wrong, its unnecessary to me. Kind of like; if no one drives your car except for you, why pay several hundred dollars for electronically adjustable seats. What's the point? Overall, I give this small, compact 320 gig hard drive 5-Stars because it does exactly what I want it to do, its attractive and seems very well constructed. I have experienced very good product durability with past Verbatim products and have come to trust them. As usual and expected after years of being spoiled, Amazon did their job superbly!!	For a portable hard drive that continuously displays available free space, take a peak at the BrandXYZ InSight hard drive with an Always On LCD that shows the drive?s available free space and personalized name. The Always On LCD display automatically updates when the drive is connected and/or safely dismounted and is easily renamed right from your PC or MAC. Compatible with all USB connections, the InSight drive includes a USB 2.0 cable, a Quick Start guide and Nero BackItUp software that offer ...
21640	Sexy looking, top-notch portable hard drive	This Verbatim InSight portable external hard drive is pretty slick. Small and thin, with a bit of a curve, the InSight is actually kind of sexy looking. Or at least as sexy looking as a computer peripheral can be. When you connect the drive to your computer, it mounts pretty quickly, and I found transfer speeds to be very good. It may not be the fastest drive out there, but it's more than adequate for my purposes. It is also verrrry quiet, which is always a good thing. In addition, the small blue LED light at the bottom-front of the drive isn't gaudy or distracting like the lights on some external drives. The InSight's subtle light glows to show power and flickers to show drive activity. Nice and basic. The coolest feature of this drive is definitely the "Always On" display that shows how much space is left on the drive. It's really very handy to be able to look at the InSight--whether it's plugged into your computer or not--and see how much disk space is remaining. You can even give your drive a unique name that will show up in the display window. My biggest complaint about this drive is a relatively minor one. It's the extremely glossy black surface. To say that this surface is a magnet for fingerprints is an understatement. Be advised that if you handle this drive at all, it will have fingerprints and smudges on it. Personally, I would've preferred a matte black finish, like the one on the bottom of the drive. But again...The fingerprint issue is a minor one in my book. Finally, in the interest of full disclosure, I want to mention that I am using this drive with an older Mac PowerBook G4 (1.5GHz PowerPC processor) running Tiger (OSX 10.4.11). I initially had some trouble with this drive because my Mac wasn't supplying enough power to run this USB drive. Because of this, the drive would mount sometimes and not mount other times. But I contacted the Verbatim support people and they were VERY responsive and VERY helpful in diagnosing this problem. By using a USB "Y" adapter (like this one: ), which draws power from two of my laptop's USB ports instead of just one, this drive now works perfectly. Major kudos again to the Verbatim people for being so helpful. (Note: The power issue shouldn't be a concern unless you're using an older computer. And even if you are using an older computer, like I am, the problem can be solved easily.) Overall, this InSight portable hard drive is top-notch. It's extremely small and portable, quiet, nice looking, and has the incredibly handy "Always On" display that shows how much free space is left on the drive, whether it's plugged in or not. If you're looking for a quality USB-powered external hard drive, the Verbatim InSight is an excellent choice!	For a portable hard drive that continuously displays available free space, take a peak at the BrandXYZ InSight hard drive with an Always On LCD that shows the drive?s available free space and personalized name. The Always On LCD display automatically updates when the drive is connected and/or safely dismounted and is easily renamed right from your PC or MAC. Compatible with all USB connections, the InSight drive includes a USB 2.0 cable, a Quick Start guide and Nero BackItUp software that offer ...
21641	Small, Fun and Sexy!	We have many external storage drives...they're all large, clunky and have that bulky external power cord. Say hello to the new Verbatim InSight external Hard Drive! We saw this thing and said, no way--look how small it is! Not only small but sexy looking! Like a "baby grand piano" with its black lacquered finish. But so small it fits in the palm of my hand. Weighs under 6 ounces but holds a whopping 500 GB! AND no power cord. Simply plug into usb port and she's runnin! AND IT DOESN'T GET HOT. We really like the ability to name the drive and have it show up on the internal display on the drives front. So when I glance at the drives, (have more than two) I can know what's on what drive. AND GET THIS: The Verbatim InSight ALWAYS tells you how much space you've used and continually updates the capacity left. NICE!! No more running out of space in middle of a video project or loading .mp3 music. My buddy loves this drive for his Mac and I love it for my PC. I wish the usb cable was a little longer (18" usb cable supplied). We tote ours in our pocket and rest easy with the built in NERO back-it-up software. I love having my tunage and videos (pics too) when traveling. Just plug into my laptop and I'm still working or having fun! We always have consistently great experiences with Verbatim software and electronic gear. My brother the computer tech loves this drive so much he bought one. Finally I was able to turn him onto something different in his world of computers and drives. Coolness factor is a 10!	For a portable hard drive that continuously displays available free space, take a peak at the BrandXYZ InSight hard drive with an Always On LCD that shows the drive?s available free space and personalized name. The Always On LCD display automatically updates when the drive is connected and/or safely dismounted and is easily renamed right from your PC or MAC. Compatible with all USB connections, the InSight drive includes a USB 2.0 cable, a Quick Start guide and Nero BackItUp software that offer ...
21775	Easy to set up.	Bought this color printer after looking for weeks in store. Very easy to set up. The first sheet takes a few extra seconds to print but thereafter sheets print quickly. My personal need is not for speed but for printing large multi sheet jobs. Quality is very good - crisp colors.	The HL-3040CN is a digital color printer with networking that is ideal for home offices or small offices. It produces brilliant, high-quality output at up to 600 x 2400 dpi resolution with a fast print speed of up to 17ppm in color or black.? The HL-3040CN also provides a 250-sheet capacity paper tray and a straight through paper path via its manual feed slot, ideal for printing envelopes and letterhead.? Additional features include a built-in Ethernet network interface for printer sharing and a...
21642	Perfect solution for use with a laptop	I've been wanting to pick up a 2nd hard drive to use with my macbook. We have an Iomega Ultramax which both my husband and I use for storage and backups however though it works great and I have no real complaints it is large, noisy, and needs to be plugged in so we keep it upstairs in our home office and only use it weekly at best as we tend to keep our laptops in the living room. I needed something smaller and easier for daily use. I could not be any happier with this drive, yes it's about the same price as my Iomega for less storage space but its insanely smaller and sleeker. It's powered by my macbook and I can use it while sitting on the sofa with no problems at all. It's so small and sexy looking I'd leave it on the side table however my husband almost used it as a cup rest (yes it's that flat LOL) so instead I keep it in the pocket of my Belkin Laptop Hideaway (another great thing if you tend to use your laptop on the sofa all the time) As another reviewer noted there is an issue when using it straight out of the box if you're trying to run time machine and snow leopard on a mac, however the included instruction manual has directions on how to format it correctly and I'm going to cut and paste the other reviewers response he received when he contacted them here as well as I think it's helpful. If you're not looking to use it with snowleopard and time machine it's plug and play with a mac which is very nice. "I believe the issue you have is a non-supported format type. Specifically, the GUID Partition Table (GPT) format that Intel-based Macs use as the default format when you opted to use the drive as your Time Machine drive. The default format for Intel-based Macs is GPT while the default format for PowerPC-based Macs is the Apple Partition Map (APM). Either format is suitable to work with any external hard drive. In your case, as you indicate, the InSight hard drive worked just fine in terms of mounting and being able to back up and access files. The issue is specific to InSight's display under the GPT format in that it will show "Unsupported Format". To solve, format the drive using the Mac Disk Utility before launching Time Machine. Select the Partition tab of the Disk Utility, and proceed to partition/format the drive as Mac OS Extended (Journaled) with partition type set to APM (PLEASE SAVE ALL DATA FIRST AS FORMATTING WILL ERASE DATA). This will solve the issue of displaying the volume label on the InSight hard drive. Please refer to the User Guide for supported formats on Mac. We are working to resolve the issue relating to InSight's display when using the GPT format. If you have any questions or need assistance, please contact our customer support line at 646-537-3411 Mon - Fri 8am - 9pm (EST). Thanks for your support of Verbatim products." Sleek, sexy, reasonably priced, and perfect for tight spaces or traveling, can't beat it!	For a portable hard drive that continuously displays available free space, take a peak at the BrandXYZ InSight hard drive with an Always On LCD that shows the drive?s available free space and personalized name. The Always On LCD display automatically updates when the drive is connected and/or safely dismounted and is easily renamed right from your PC or MAC. Compatible with all USB connections, the InSight drive includes a USB 2.0 cable, a Quick Start guide and Nero BackItUp software that offer ...
21643	Small portable Hard Drive that works great	This drive really is portable and convenient. Its super thin and only about six inches in length and is very lightweight. There is an LCD screen that is on the front that tells you how much space is left. This LCD screen must have some sort of battery inside as its always on. It scratches easily and is a finger print magnet due to the gloss black finish on it. The USB cable that is supplied is very short and is one of those mini usb to full usb cables. There is no electric plug needed, it works off of the USB power. It reads and writes pretty fast, rpm speed is standard 5400. Your paying for size here not speed and capacity as there are larger portable drives with double the space for a lot less money. This drive for me is going to be for programs and photos that I need to bring with me as well as quick storage/backups for my laptop. Comes with back it up software on the drive but that works for windows only. It fits easily in my laptop bag and the best part is no ac adapter needed. Pros: Size, thin and small makes it very portable LCD screen tells you remaining free space No AC adapter Capacity is 320gb Mac & PC compatible Cons: Price (your paying for its small size) Can scratch easily and is a finger print magnet. Mini USB cable a bit too short	For a portable hard drive that continuously displays available free space, take a peak at the BrandXYZ InSight hard drive with an Always On LCD that shows the drive?s available free space and personalized name. The Always On LCD display automatically updates when the drive is connected and/or safely dismounted and is easily renamed right from your PC or MAC. Compatible with all USB connections, the InSight drive includes a USB 2.0 cable, a Quick Start guide and Nero BackItUp software that offer ...
8303	very decent at the reduced price of $37	The "active noise cancellation" feature works reasonably well for certain sound frequencies. I recently had the opportunity to use them on an airplane and can report that they make a noticeable difference by practically eliminating the higher-pitched "whine" part of the jet engine noise. (The lower "hum" is still there, but it is less bothersome than the other). They come with airplane adaptor. I also use them for part of the time simply to muffle the plane noise, by turning on the noise cancellation unit but without playing music. I also have found that it reduces road noise went in and not a mobile. The sound quality is fine overall, though perhaps a bit muddy. Having a separate volume control on the electronics unit (located in the middle of the cord) is a nice feature. The earbuds continue to function even if the noise cancellation battery is dead--or removed (which means it can serve as a backup battery). At least on my MP3 player, when the electronics unit battery got weak the music started sounding like a skipping CD. One last thing. The cord is VERY long (and therefore, prone to bad tangles!). Its one major flaw...at this price, they should have added a tangle-resisting covering.	Active Noise-canceling Earbuds Actively Eliminates Up To 75% Of Unwanted Noise Includes 3 Comfort Fit Silicone Inserts Convenient In-line Control Hub Houses Noise Cancellation Circuitry Includes 1 Aaa Battery Includes Iphone (tm) Adapter, Airplane Adapter & Carrying Case
21649	Totally wicked!	Pros: 1. Very high "Wow!" factor - I had to fight off some really big guys at the office to hang on to possession. 2. Small, lightweight, sleek and shiny 3. Readout panel is always on, with or without power, so you can easily see how much space you have left. 4. Big 320GB capacity (although 22GB of it is used up with Nero software, so there's actually 298 GB of space) 5. Idiot proof plug and play, with included USB cord, so you're up and running almost as quickly as you can turn on the computer and plug in the cable. 6. Understandable instruction guide in several languages. Cons: 1. Shiny = fingerprints, but easily wipeable 2. Doesn't work with USB extensions. 3. The cable is too short to reach from a floor standing CPU to the top of your desk. 4. Would have appreciated a sleeve or carry case in the package. I'm using this to store photographs, and at approximately 2.5 MB per photo, it's saving me a lot of hard drive space. I love the portability and easy operation, and especially the display showing how much space I have left. Conclusion: Worth every cent. Amanda Richards, October 3, 2009	For a portable hard drive that continuously displays available free space, take a peak at the BrandXYZ InSight hard drive with an Always On LCD that shows the drive?s available free space and personalized name. The Always On LCD display automatically updates when the drive is connected and/or safely dismounted and is easily renamed right from your PC or MAC. Compatible with all USB connections, the InSight drive includes a USB 2.0 cable, a Quick Start guide and Nero BackItUp software that offer ...
21652	View from Snow Leopard	This drive looks great, and was working (showing space left- not sure how to enter ID information). That is, until I backed it up with Time Machine on OSX Snow Leopard. At that point the line "Unsupported Format" is permanently shown on the screen, making that option rather useless. I have asked for Verbatim support on the subject, but they have a five day a week support system, and the website doesn't even have manuals, or drivers. This will make it hard to keep this unit if you are a Mac user, as the key appeal (other than great looks) is the information contained in the window at the front of the unit. We'll see how Support responds and I will update this review.	For a portable hard drive that continuously displays available free space, take a peak at the BrandXYZ InSight hard drive with an Always On LCD that shows the drive?s available free space and personalized name. The Always On LCD display automatically updates when the drive is connected and/or safely dismounted and is easily renamed right from your PC or MAC. Compatible with all USB connections, the InSight drive includes a USB 2.0 cable, a Quick Start guide and Nero BackItUp software that offer ...
21656	An Extraordinarily Sharp Lens!	I'm a pure Canon lens user for the past 3.5 years. Currently using EOS 40D. This is my very first third party lens & initially was quite skeptical. After thinking it over, I went ahead to give it a try because I can't afford the Canon EF-S 17-55mm f/2.8 IS USM. After playing with the new Tamron lens for almost two weeks, here's some of my 2 cent comments: Good News first (wow so many don't know where to begin): -Great optical performance! All photos taken are really sharp. -Accurate, consider fast and consistent autofocus. -Zoom ring isn't cramped or stiff, easy to turn (opposite direction of Canon lens). -Surprisingly at 17mm I hardly can see any barrel distortion! -I can't detect any chromatic aberration & Vignette problem. All photos look clean & accurate. But it doesn't mean they are not there. Maybe I need to get my eyes checked. :-) -Nice weight (lighter than my Canon 24-105L) & feel, will be my new walkaround lens. -AF is noisier than Canon USM. It sounds like soft "mechanical turning & twisting". Some photographers may find this annoying but I'm perfectly alright with this. It's not too loud & certainly won't disttract your subject or model. In fact, I'm getting used to the sound & feel good knowing my lens is working properly (see below too). -Manual focusing is easy to use. -AF is fast & accurate, so you can hardly hear the AF noise except under extreme low light situation (the AF is a bit tad slow & the noise is more obvious). -Bokeh. I love it! -The Vibration Control VC feature is also great & I can go down really low & pic still sharp. -Sharpness of this Tamron lens is at par with my Canon 24-105L. On color comparison, I find Tamron produces a bit more saturate & brighter. Bad News (hmm...I have to think of some negatives because no lens are perfect): -The focal length lock is a nice feature & but it can only lock at 17mm. Would be nice if it can also lock at other focal length. -No manual booklet. Only a piece of info sheet in Japanese. There's no English version. -Hmm...at f/2.8 photo results are slightly darker than other aperture used. I tried both AV & Manual mode but still the same. No big deal, I can use the exposure compensation. Overall View: Well done Tamron! It's light-weight and has a fast maximum aperture of f/2.8 for shooting in low-light, this is a solid lens. At 50% cheaper than Canon EF-S 17-55mm f/2.8 IS USM & with great IQ, will use the amount saved on other camera accessories. I'm as happy as a Jolly Bee, have totally no gripe at all. I do not hesitate to recommend this lens for anyone who wants a fast, constant aperture, light-weight standard zoom lens. The image quality is great and the VC works good.	BrandXYZ's new SP AF 17-50mm F/ 2.8 acts RDI II VC covers the heavily used 17-50 MM focal distance range (angle of view equivalent of 26-78 MM when converted to the full frame format) making it an extremely versatile, high performance zoom lens. Achieving sharpness and striking contrast, the lens produces beautiful images that are enhanced by the shallow depth of field afforded by the maximum aperture F/2.8 and enriches the user?s range of photographic expression. The new lenses equipped with Br...
21657	You will not be disappointed	I purchased this lens when it became available in late November and have had a few weeks to shoot with it. This lens is used in conjunction with a Canon Rebel T1i. I originally purchased the non-VC version of this lens but returned it after a week or so simply because I was not "WOWED" with its performance (relatively slow auto focus, somewhat soft wide open, color and contrast seemed a bit lacking and it seemed to produce more noise than other lenses I've used on this camera). This lens has none of those problems. I really can't get over how well it performs in low-light situations. I get a lot of keepers at 1/5 of a second. It's really sharp also. I have a 5D Mark II and a few L lenses and I find myself picking up my Rebel and this lens more and more often. If you are considering this lens I recommend it 100%.	BrandXYZ's new SP AF 17-50mm F/ 2.8 acts RDI II VC covers the heavily used 17-50 MM focal distance range (angle of view equivalent of 26-78 MM when converted to the full frame format) making it an extremely versatile, high performance zoom lens. Achieving sharpness and striking contrast, the lens produces beautiful images that are enhanced by the shallow depth of field afforded by the maximum aperture F/2.8 and enriches the user?s range of photographic expression. The new lenses equipped with Br...
21658	Best bang for the bucks	IQ is as good as non VC version. But VC works flawlesssly. I could even shoot 1s hand holding in dim light and had nice pictures. Bravo Tamron!	BrandXYZ's new SP AF 17-50mm F/ 2.8 acts RDI II VC covers the heavily used 17-50 MM focal distance range (angle of view equivalent of 26-78 MM when converted to the full frame format) making it an extremely versatile, high performance zoom lens. Achieving sharpness and striking contrast, the lens produces beautiful images that are enhanced by the shallow depth of field afforded by the maximum aperture F/2.8 and enriches the user?s range of photographic expression. The new lenses equipped with Br...
21659	Don't Waste Your Time Or Money	I purchased this lens recently and had the opportunity to test it for three days. I was hopping to save some money by not having to pay for the more expensive Canon 17-55. I did some close up testing on a tapestry in bright daylight conditions using a Canon 40D at about 1.5 feet mounted on a tripod with a remote shutter release with the VC off and the results were disappointing. The lens was extremely soft at f2.8 and didn't become tack sharp until f/8. Closer investigation using the the ISO 12233 chart comparing the canon to the tamron at "The Digital Picture" website revealed that this lens is not truly sharp until f/8 if you look at the center and mid-frame and performance. The lens is also soft in the corners from F/2.8 to F/8. This lens has a relatively solid build quality but it falls far short of what I would expect from a $650 lens. I have read reviews of the non VC version vs the VC version and the non VC version lens appears to be much sharper. The one characteristic of the lens that is almost unanimously pointed out throughout the reviews is a pronounced softness at f2.8. However, I will say that the lens was better than my 17-85 in the areas of corner sharpness and distortion. The focusing and VC were loud and not nearly as smooth as the canon. The tamron also seemed to drain the camera battery much quicker than the canon lens. If you are happy spending $650 and not being able to take sharp pictures at f2.8 then by all means purchase this lens. I ended up purchasing the Canon 17-55 and I believe that this lens is far superior to the tamron in almost every conceivable way. I am quite pleased with my purchase.	BrandXYZ's new SP AF 17-50mm F/ 2.8 acts RDI II VC covers the heavily used 17-50 MM focal distance range (angle of view equivalent of 26-78 MM when converted to the full frame format) making it an extremely versatile, high performance zoom lens. Achieving sharpness and striking contrast, the lens produces beautiful images that are enhanced by the shallow depth of field afforded by the maximum aperture F/2.8 and enriches the user?s range of photographic expression. The new lenses equipped with Br...
21660	awesome walk around lens	I have had my lens for several months. I also travel for a living and I carry my camera on every trip. Thid lens is a good all in one.	BrandXYZ's new SP AF 17-50mm F/ 2.8 acts RDI II VC covers the heavily used 17-50 MM focal distance range (angle of view equivalent of 26-78 MM when converted to the full frame format) making it an extremely versatile, high performance zoom lens. Achieving sharpness and striking contrast, the lens produces beautiful images that are enhanced by the shallow depth of field afforded by the maximum aperture F/2.8 and enriches the user?s range of photographic expression. The new lenses equipped with Br...
21662	Just be careful when you install this	No doubt the GGS Screen Protector is better than the typical film type screen protector when it comes to "bubble free" application. One note: the instructions on the package are in Chinese. The Amazon product write up offers clear instructions, but is misleading when it comes to taking it off and putting it back on. Read on. Getting it on my LX3 was not as easy as described in the product write up. One tip -- which I found after a web search -- is to set the aspect ratio to 2/3 and take a picture of a white wall so that the screen is all white. Then, playback the picture so you can easily see the entire viewing screen. Otherwise, the viewscreen is black and lining up the protector is very, very difficult. That's what I did and I still got it skewed. I had to remove it. Removing it is easy (I used a playing card#, but in removing it I caused some of the adhesive to ball up and stick inside of the viewing area. And, when I re-applyed the screen, it had picked up some dust. Now I have dust underneath the re-applied screen. One other issue, it is difficult to clean without streaking. Perhaps the microfiber cloth I used was not compatable with the coating. It seemes there's a learning curve. But the product makes so much sense that I'm about to buy two more. Now that I have the experience in applying it, I'll get it to work better.	BrandXYZ LCD screen protector is using ultra thin optical glass and special processing, it is high transparency, anti-scrape, anti-bump, anti-aging and easy to install. Features: Easy to Install:How to remove: * No trimming required, fit directly on your LCD screen. * Just clean your LCD screen first, peel off the white back of the protector to stick, Done! * Easy to install and bubbles free, unlike plastic protector which always gives you bubbles between the protector and the screen. * No adhes...
21663	Great fit, and worth buying!	This protector fits my LX3 perfectly, and after it was attached to the LCD screen, it is hardly noticeable. It's very well constructed and looks and feels like it is part of the camera.	BrandXYZ LCD screen protector is using ultra thin optical glass and special processing, it is high transparency, anti-scrape, anti-bump, anti-aging and easy to install. Features: Easy to Install:How to remove: * No trimming required, fit directly on your LCD screen. * Just clean your LCD screen first, peel off the white back of the protector to stick, Done! * Easy to install and bubbles free, unlike plastic protector which always gives you bubbles between the protector and the screen. * No adhes...
21710	usb works just fine	I bought a 1TB Western Digital My Book Essential Edition about 3 months ago for my PC-based TV upstairs. It worked fine, then one day just stopped. I could feel it trying to start when I played with the power cord. WD sent me a replacement to try a new power cord, but that didn't solve the problem. I could keep the new drive and send back the old one but there's no way to get all the data off if I do that, so I broke the warranty, popped open the cover, and plugged the old drive in this Thermaltake Duet using the USB connector. (My machine doesn't have an eSATA port; a mistake I won't make again.) My Vista 64-bit machine recognized it and started the drive promptly. Everything is still on my WD drive, and I now have a slot for another drive if I want to expand further. Before you buy, make sure you do your homework as to what's on your machine. (Duh!!!) If you expect to use eSATA and want to plug in two drives, be sure you have a port multiplier on your eSATA port, which is, apparently, a device on the card ([...]). Might not be easy info to get since I found it mentioned on only one of the dozen+ eSATA controller cards & laptop adapter cards I just looked at. However, some of them mention supporting RAID, and I'm beginning to wonder if that means they must have the multiplier device.	Industry's most trusted hard drive docking station is now twice as convenient. BlacX Duet now offers two slots to turn any Serial ATA hard drives into external USB 2.0 or eSATA storage device in minutes. Moving large chunks of videos, musics or data files between hard drives will now happen in blazing speed (up to 3.0 Gbps for eSATA or 480Mbps for USB 2.0) instead of the slow network cable. The dock supports all 2.5 inch or 3.5 inch SATA hard disk drives up to 2 TB. Installation requires no scre...
21711	Semi-disappointed with eSATA use	Thanks to either bad real-time inventory and/or lazy sales associate at a nearby "yellow-on-blue" electronic store at the city, I end up waiting for a week and snagged this here for $15 less than retail price with free Amazon shipping last week. Pros: - eSATA & USB 2.0 connections - Came with both interface cables (short though) - Can dock & access 2 SATA HDDs (either 2.5" or 3.5") ONLY when using the slower USB2.0 interface. Cons: - Would be nice if Thermaltake posted their little white-insert in the box on the website & on Amazon regarding the port-multiplier issue when using the the eSATA interface. My 10-month old Dell XPS 730 H2C running Vista Ultimate apparently doesn't have the port-multiplier feature on the built-in eSATA port so it only detects one SATA HDD (HDD1). Updated to the latest BIOS & SATA controller drivers and had the same disappointing result. Yes, of course I want 3.0 Gbps transfer speed! - Does not have any kind of cooling fans to help further dissipate any heat build-up. Note: - No additional drivers needed - Enable the eSATA feature in the BIOS for it to detect the docked HDD - Can't use both cables at the same time.	Industry's most trusted hard drive docking station is now twice as convenient. BlacX Duet now offers two slots to turn any Serial ATA hard drives into external USB 2.0 or eSATA storage device in minutes. Moving large chunks of videos, musics or data files between hard drives will now happen in blazing speed (up to 3.0 Gbps for eSATA or 480Mbps for USB 2.0) instead of the slow network cable. The dock supports all 2.5 inch or 3.5 inch SATA hard disk drives up to 2 TB. Installation requires no scre...
21675	Escort Redline Radar Detector Review	I could not wait to evaluate this new Escort Radar Detector. The reviews from independent companies are way to harsh. This is one fantastic radar detector. The reviews said that this detector goes off every chance it gets weather it is real or not. I travel Interstate 70 and then North on Interstate 75. I pass by many of those "K" Band traffic checkers that set my other detector off erroroneously. This detector was owner programmed for all bands being on and the brand new feature TSR Signal Ranking Software turned on. Default is turned off so you have to make a adjustment. This detector was amazing quiet on my 1 hour trip. On my way home, I traveled Route 41 and again no unusual false alarms. The cop in North Hampton can now be picked up way before he has you. I am extremely pleased. If you want a quality detector at a great price, free shipping and no sales tax, purchase it here at Amazon.com. I had it in two days and it performs unlike any other Escort product I have ever owned. Excellent job Escort on this one.	BrandXYZ's team of engineers has created one of the most sensitive radar/laser detectors on the market. RedLine provides the longest range for every signal out there. Its twin-antenna design allows it to maximize performance by band, giving you the longest warning possible. The RedLine includes full X, K, SuperWide Ka, and Safety Warning System radar capability, front and rear laser detection, dual antenna with varactor-tuned (VTO) microwave receiver, digital signal processing (DSP) for superior...
8610	broke out of the box	Bought this TV via sharp direct. Open the box, everything looks fine, didn't seem to be damaged by shipping. plug the power in, TV wouldn't turn on. It is broken out of the box, I wonder if they acutally test this out of the factory. Waited 72 hrs to get my return label after I called and emailed them 5 times. I will not buy another sharp TV	BrandXYZ's LC-37SB24U provides convenient 37" screen size class HDTV solutions with a distinctive design. The LC37SB24U features a high-performance LCD panel for high brightness, a high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection and wide viewing angles. Features: True 16:9 Aspect Ratio (1366 x 768) LCD Panel displays 16:9 widescreen programs in their native aspect ratio without the need for scaling or other video processing. Built-in ATSC / QAM / NTSC Tuners for DTV and analog TV viewing. H...
8611	great tv for price	I paid 499 w/95 insured fed ex express shipping no tax from [...] and got this tv w/in one week -- for this price it is an excellent deal -- we use dishnetwork on hd signal and it's fine in this 720p 37" lcd -- very pleased	BrandXYZ's LC-37SB24U provides convenient 37" screen size class HDTV solutions with a distinctive design. The LC37SB24U features a high-performance LCD panel for high brightness, a high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection and wide viewing angles. Features: True 16:9 Aspect Ratio (1366 x 768) LCD Panel displays 16:9 widescreen programs in their native aspect ratio without the need for scaling or other video processing. Built-in ATSC / QAM / NTSC Tuners for DTV and analog TV viewing. H...
21676	Escort Redline Review	I tested and reviewed the Escort Redline radar detector during an 8000 mile cross country trip with the unit installed in a passenger car, on a Harley Davidson motorcycle, and a commercial grade motorhome. The attached video is a recap of many of the speed traps that I encountered along with my review of the radar detector. Without question, the Redline is the best performing long range radar detector that I've ever tested....	BrandXYZ's team of engineers has created one of the most sensitive radar/laser detectors on the market. RedLine provides the longest range for every signal out there. Its twin-antenna design allows it to maximize performance by band, giving you the longest warning possible. The RedLine includes full X, K, SuperWide Ka, and Safety Warning System radar capability, front and rear laser detection, dual antenna with varactor-tuned (VTO) microwave receiver, digital signal processing (DSP) for superior...
8687	Excellent Quality Bag	The National Geographic bag is an excellent quality shoulder bag, sturdy yet lightweight. It is lined with a cotton material inside each section, too, which is great for camera equipment. I purchased this item at 3pm on December 23rd, and paid a very reasonable overnight shipping fee (especially since other camera stores gave me prices in the $50 range for overnight shipping so close to Christmas time), and had the package at 12:30 pm the next day as promised. I am very happy with the bag and with Amazon.com.	The Earth Explorer Large Shoulder Bag (2477) is an everyday, functional shoulder bag that will hold all of your personal gear along with a laptop, camera, or camcorder. The bag features designated protective zones that safeguard the delicate equipment within. One designated internal padded compartment holds 17?and similar size laptops, Two designated removable inserts, that provide protection for a medium-size digital/SLR camera or mini DV camcorder and laptop accessories (these inserts separate...
8688	A triumph of style over function	This bag is so huge it's sort of a joke to call it a shoulder bag. It's really a canvas suitcase with a shoulder strap. Construction seems nice, but there is some sort of weirdness with an inside cover that seems to get in the way. Also, I just hate the "retro" hardware fasteners. It's OK for just transporting your stuff, but I sent mine back because I want all of my equipment to work as efficiently as possible. Overall, it looks like a bag whose priority is more about style than function.	The Earth Explorer Large Shoulder Bag (2477) is an everyday, functional shoulder bag that will hold all of your personal gear along with a laptop, camera, or camcorder. The bag features designated protective zones that safeguard the delicate equipment within. One designated internal padded compartment holds 17?and similar size laptops, Two designated removable inserts, that provide protection for a medium-size digital/SLR camera or mini DV camcorder and laptop accessories (these inserts separate...
21677	Best of breed detector	Although I've owned this unit for just 6 weeks, I've traveled some 5,000 miles with this on board. My previous experience with radar detectors was the lesser-brands, so this was a big jump in performance. The unit is fully programmable, so the first thing to do is disable X band which is used in very few places in the United States. The unit comes with Escort's TSR software, which filters out K-band speed sensors along some roadways. I tried this out and it works quite well. The best part about the Redline is range. I drive mostly in the open desert, and I have (so far) measured detection up to 3.3 miles. It has exceptional off-axis detection, easily picks up signals from 90 degree angles up to (my experience) a half mile. The Redline has auto-mute, a must for noisy and long lasting alerts. The alert tone is also more pleasant that most other radar detectors. I highly recommend this for anyone looking for interstate travel.	BrandXYZ's team of engineers has created one of the most sensitive radar/laser detectors on the market. RedLine provides the longest range for every signal out there. Its twin-antenna design allows it to maximize performance by band, giving you the longest warning possible. The RedLine includes full X, K, SuperWide Ka, and Safety Warning System radar capability, front and rear laser detection, dual antenna with varactor-tuned (VTO) microwave receiver, digital signal processing (DSP) for superior...
21709	Would buy the single drive version if given the choice again	I bought this mainly for the fast eSata support, but was greatly dissapointed to find out that my computer will not support dual eSata as it doesn't have port multiplier functionality. My computer is fairly new as well and running Windows 7 Professional. Most people won't know if their computer has port multiplier functionality until they buy an item such as this and try it. Dual drives work good using USB, but you only get 400MB transfer rates and not 3GB as you do with eSata. The eSata with 1 drive does work but is somewhat flakey as well. What will happen is at least 25% of the time when you reboot the computer and you are using the dock connected via eSate cable, the computer will lose sight of the dock and tell you there is no eSata dock/drive connected. Only way to redetect the dock and drive is to power down the dock as well as computer, then power on the dock, let the drive initialize for approx. 30 seconds, then power back on the computer. Using the USB cable, this does not happen, so one can only assume the eSata connectivity between the port and the computer is flakey. Other than that, I like the dock as it's fairly light and easy to use amoung several computers to backup and copy data too.	Industry's most trusted hard drive docking station is now twice as convenient. BlacX Duet now offers two slots to turn any Serial ATA hard drives into external USB 2.0 or eSATA storage device in minutes. Moving large chunks of videos, musics or data files between hard drives will now happen in blazing speed (up to 3.0 Gbps for eSATA or 480Mbps for USB 2.0) instead of the slow network cable. The dock supports all 2.5 inch or 3.5 inch SATA hard disk drives up to 2 TB. Installation requires no scre...
21713	ESATA Duel Use Limited	I had a lot of problems with the Thermaltake Duet. Before I purchased this, I contacted Thermaltake, my computer makers (HP & Dell), and Intel (the chipset maker) to find out if my system supports sata port multiplier. No one could tell me with certainty and pointed the finger at the other. In Dell's case I had to educate the tech rep on what little I knew about sata port multiplier since they were confused. The closest was HP to helping me find out but that also fell short. However, after reading one reviewer who suggested it's only a little bit more for the double dock than a single, I dove in and got the Duet. I figured at minimum I could use the double dock via usb. So I had a number of brand new Hitachi Deskstar 2TB drives that I wanted to use with this and, Duet connected via esata, inserted the HD, powered on Duet, and my Dell disk mgmt does not recognize the system. No "New Hardware" found. Contacted Thermaltake and Jeremy quickly diagnosed it as a driver issue and told to install driver from their site. I mentioned that their own site says not to use this driver unless "the drive shows up in disk management prior to installing" which I mentioned to him it did not show up and he says somewhat haughtily to still do it. After hanging up with him and installing the driver, my system still did not recognize the hd. I decided to power everything down again but turn on the dock first, let the hd get going and then turn on my computer. Bingo. It recognized it. I did this a few times since I had different HDs to format and as one other reviewer said, the Duet dock was "flaky" and sometimes did not recognize the hd on reboot so I had to shut down again and redo. Sadly it does not recognize two drives via esata on my Dell or HP systems. Esata is so much faster. With this Duet, formatting 2tb by usb took almost 20 hours while by esata took about 5 1/2 hours. As you might imagine, file transfer is much faster by esata, too. I have a feeling that the second dock will sit unused since my systems do not have sata port multiplier and I won't keep switching to usb. I have not tried keeping both esata and usb connections in the dock simultaneously even though the meager manual says that esata has priority over usb. I noticed that if I leave a hd in each docking port, that both were "running" even though I only used the first docked hd. Therefore the second unused hd needlessly got hot, too. I was glad though that this dock officially states that it can handle 2tb drives. I also have a Kingwin EZ Dock which says that it only handles 1TB drives, but actually worked ok with 2TB for me.	Industry's most trusted hard drive docking station is now twice as convenient. BlacX Duet now offers two slots to turn any Serial ATA hard drives into external USB 2.0 or eSATA storage device in minutes. Moving large chunks of videos, musics or data files between hard drives will now happen in blazing speed (up to 3.0 Gbps for eSATA or 480Mbps for USB 2.0) instead of the slow network cable. The dock supports all 2.5 inch or 3.5 inch SATA hard disk drives up to 2 TB. Installation requires no scre...
21714	Overheating problems	Bought the unit for a computer with P7P55D Pro motherboard running Linux (Fedora 12). The system recognized the port multiplier without issues; two disks over eSATA worked out of the box. Tested it with two 500G drives (a Seagate and a WDC). Reading from a single drive gives a decent ~75 MB/s; simultaneous reads from two drives drop the rate to 45 MB/s. A major problem, though: while idle, the drives hover around ~47 degC. With ~1hr of heavy reading, they heat up to ~60 degC (with ambient temps around ~20 degC). The design of this dock blocks _all_ airflow to the bottom end of the drives, leading to severe overheating. This makes BlackX practically useless for duplication of larger drives; they'll overheat/fail long before the duplication has finished. E.g., I managed to copy ~150G of a 500G drive before it hit 60degC and stopped. Looks like a major design flaw; plan to return it.	Industry's most trusted hard drive docking station is now twice as convenient. BlacX Duet now offers two slots to turn any Serial ATA hard drives into external USB 2.0 or eSATA storage device in minutes. Moving large chunks of videos, musics or data files between hard drives will now happen in blazing speed (up to 3.0 Gbps for eSATA or 480Mbps for USB 2.0) instead of the slow network cable. The dock supports all 2.5 inch or 3.5 inch SATA hard disk drives up to 2 TB. Installation requires no scre...
8769	Works perfectly	My connections are 1 PS2 mouse and keyboard controlling 3 computers, all 3 on PS2 mouse/keyboard. Switch works perfectly. Switching between desktops is easy, Scroll Lock twice then 1,2,3,4. If you want the switch not to beep when switching, simply press Scroll Lock twice then B (B for beep I suppose). It comes with all necessary cables for monitor, keyboard, mouse and audio connections. Audio switching is supported in addition to the standard keyboard/monitor switch.	The 4-Port USB PS/2 KVM Switch Kit with Audio (TK-423K) provides control of 4 computers/servers with just one set of console controls. Manage 4 computers that have open VGA and PS/2 ports at the touch of a button with one set of PS/2 or USB keyboard and mouse, VGA monitor, microphone and speakers. No need for additional cabling, all required cables are included. Independent audio/mic and PC port selection provide additional flexibility. LED indicators show connection status and a buzzing sound c...
8770	Does Not Work	The AC plug does not fit the KVM, and it will not power up without it, so I sent it back and the next one same problem . I went with the cabletogo tru link and very happy with this KVM .	The 4-Port USB PS/2 KVM Switch Kit with Audio (TK-423K) provides control of 4 computers/servers with just one set of console controls. Manage 4 computers that have open VGA and PS/2 ports at the touch of a button with one set of PS/2 or USB keyboard and mouse, VGA monitor, microphone and speakers. No need for additional cabling, all required cables are included. Independent audio/mic and PC port selection provide additional flexibility. LED indicators show connection status and a buzzing sound c...
21715	Dell Studio XPS 16 does not support port multiplier via eSATA	Details specific to Dell Studio XPS 16 laptop: I tried to use 2 drives via eSATA on my Dell Studio XPS 16 laptop. The laptop could see only drive 1. The message says "A storage device was connected. If this device is a port multiplier, only port 0 of the port multiplier will be active." After much effort, I found a document from Intel saying that the PM45 express chipset, which the XPS 1640 uses, does not support port multiplier. [...] Document: "Intel? I/O Controller Hub 9 (ICH9) Family Datasheet". It looks like only ICH9R supports port multiplier. See article [...] The XPS 16 uses ICH9M-E/M. I am disappointed that I can't use 2 drives on the Duet via eSATA on my (2 month old) XPS 16. Good thing the Duet also comes with a USB connector. With the USB connection, XPS 1640 can see both the drives. Using USB, note that "Safely remove hardware" will release both drives at the same time. Also, note that Intel Matrix Storage Manager needs to be installed on XPS 1640 to get the "Safely remove hardware" (hot swap) feature for the eSATA connection. I like Thermaltake products. I have been using their external enclosures for a while. I like the dual drive design. I like the eSATA speed. I wish my laptop supports port multiplier. I am sure more computers will support that in the future, but if you are buying the Duet now, you should check if your computer supports port multiplier via eSATA. Using USB for 2 drive is just fine. I bought it with the intention to run 2 to 3 virtual machines on each drive at the same time (4 to 6 VM total, concurrent). eSATA would have made a big difference. As of today, I give the product 4 star --- simply because port multiplier on eSATA is not widely supported as yet.	Industry's most trusted hard drive docking station is now twice as convenient. BlacX Duet now offers two slots to turn any Serial ATA hard drives into external USB 2.0 or eSATA storage device in minutes. Moving large chunks of videos, musics or data files between hard drives will now happen in blazing speed (up to 3.0 Gbps for eSATA or 480Mbps for USB 2.0) instead of the slow network cable. The dock supports all 2.5 inch or 3.5 inch SATA hard disk drives up to 2 TB. Installation requires no scre...
21716	Great eSATA dock	this product is great - allows me to use SATA drives and easily switch drives out as needed. I highly recommend it.	Industry's most trusted hard drive docking station is now twice as convenient. BlacX Duet now offers two slots to turn any Serial ATA hard drives into external USB 2.0 or eSATA storage device in minutes. Moving large chunks of videos, musics or data files between hard drives will now happen in blazing speed (up to 3.0 Gbps for eSATA or 480Mbps for USB 2.0) instead of the slow network cable. The dock supports all 2.5 inch or 3.5 inch SATA hard disk drives up to 2 TB. Installation requires no scre...
21717	one of the best inventions	This dock makes things so much easier when you need to connect an additional hard drive to your computer. No more opening up the case and hooking up the internal cables. Especially useful if you have a desktop that goes bad and you need to connect to a laptop where you don't have the option of opening it up. You can even use it as just a external hard drive. Note, I thought the eSata function wasn't working, turns out I didn't have AHCI enabled in the bios. If you don't enable AHCI in the bios, you have to manually detect the dock in device manager by scanning for changes. Also, if you already installed windows while AHCI was disabled, you won't be able to boot windows after making the change in the bios, but a quick registry edit will correct this in Vista and 7, you're out of luck with XP	Industry's most trusted hard drive docking station is now twice as convenient. BlacX Duet now offers two slots to turn any Serial ATA hard drives into external USB 2.0 or eSATA storage device in minutes. Moving large chunks of videos, musics or data files between hard drives will now happen in blazing speed (up to 3.0 Gbps for eSATA or 480Mbps for USB 2.0) instead of the slow network cable. The dock supports all 2.5 inch or 3.5 inch SATA hard disk drives up to 2 TB. Installation requires no scre...
21718	Worked great for me	I needed to clone a hard drive and this thing worked perfectly for that purpose. Couldn't be happier.	Industry's most trusted hard drive docking station is now twice as convenient. BlacX Duet now offers two slots to turn any Serial ATA hard drives into external USB 2.0 or eSATA storage device in minutes. Moving large chunks of videos, musics or data files between hard drives will now happen in blazing speed (up to 3.0 Gbps for eSATA or 480Mbps for USB 2.0) instead of the slow network cable. The dock supports all 2.5 inch or 3.5 inch SATA hard disk drives up to 2 TB. Installation requires no scre...
21720	no port multiplier makes this drive a waste	I opened the package, plugged everything in, and the first problem i noticed was that there was only 1 esata port. And it turns out that unless you've got some esata port multiplier built into your hardware, you're out of luck. So i'm returning this and instead getting 2 individual docks.	Industry's most trusted hard drive docking station is now twice as convenient. BlacX Duet now offers two slots to turn any Serial ATA hard drives into external USB 2.0 or eSATA storage device in minutes. Moving large chunks of videos, musics or data files between hard drives will now happen in blazing speed (up to 3.0 Gbps for eSATA or 480Mbps for USB 2.0) instead of the slow network cable. The dock supports all 2.5 inch or 3.5 inch SATA hard disk drives up to 2 TB. Installation requires no scre...
21721	Peek is Great! But at this price point - go for lifetime service instead.	I used this to replace my iPhone. I know, it doesn't do much other than text and email - but that was all I was using my iPhone for... all the other stuff was just for passing time in the doctors waiting room ... Overall the Peek is great - see below - but for Pet's sake - just spend the extra and go for lifetime service instead! No I am not a peek employee ... I just love the device and service. Pluses: Simple. -Up to 5 email accounts -text all you want (they have recently improved texting) -unlimited emails -can do pics and pdfs, and word docs -low to no monthly fees (my biggest +!!) - depends on service plan - go for lifetime !!! -mapping / locating service at peekmaps.com (follow your Peek - very cool) -lots of searches available via email -great customer service -works seamlessly with gmail and yahoo mail -full keyboard -fast delivery of email -long battery times (mine goes 2+ days on 1 charge) -holds minor contact info (1 per email address) -can import address book directly from gmail, yahoo, etc minuses: - a little clunky on the text messaging: they now have a somewhat stationary number to send texts, but the person with the peek really needs to initiate the conversation. It works great once things are going ... - documents and pictures are OK - but like all mobile devices - they don't always display perfectly - exchange is supported - but if your server is using old version (2000-2003) it might not work - typing on small keyboard (long messages are tough) - only minor spell checking - one more thing to carry - the occasional email outage (in over 9 months this has happened 2 times with gmail) others report more often - some people report slow performance - my experience has been great - no alarm - only holds minor contact info The device really is simple and super easy to use. If you have a teenager that texts all the time - this might work. If you like simple devices that do their 1 thing and do it well - then this is great. if you are on the go a lot or don't want to be tethered to a computer for your email - then this is it. If you are a mobile professional that needs to stay in constant email contact - then this device rocks. Especially at the lifetime price point. If I have the monthly fee - it kills it for me. Lifetime Peek = happy guy. Year plan is better than wireless - but with lifetime option - it just makes better sense over the longer haul. you should browse their forum - the company lets people say whatever they want - and their employees are very responsive to customers. They are always in the forums ... over at [...].	Introducing BrandXYZ Pronto, Time and Wired Magazine's Gadget of the Year of 2008, with one year of service included.Feel the speed with the power of push email! BrandXYZ Pronto gets your emails as soon as they're sent.BrandXYZ is a super thin and stylish device that lets you take your email with you and stay connected when and where you want it.BrandXYZ is packaged in a lightweight, slim design with a color display, full keypad and simple menus to make email and texting on the go a breeze.Get u...
21722	Not quite cooked yet. Still in the oven.	Although the idea is definitely unique - a simple email only device, the Peek is still not quite there yet. It has been out over a year and still seems like a beta product. It is really a mixed bag. Pros: Small, thin design Excellent, responsive customer service ( you never experienced anything like it ! ) Innovative idea No contract No hidden fees No credit check Cheaper email solution than the big bad cell phone companies Cons: Looks like a calculator or toy Small screen that is hard to read ( low resolution, very limited font selection & size ). If you have older eyes, forget it. No true IMAP syncing of your email No true IMAP email folder support No ability to view HTML emails ( so common these days ). Text based only ! Toy-like keyboard ( not high quality like a BlackBerry ) Limited selection of colors No ability to receive over-the-air software updates ( you must send it to them in New York City or buy a special proprietary cable ) ( big design flaw ) Limited availability ( not sold in big box stores ) Unreliable email pushing ( some times it works fast and other times not at all ) ( speed varies by email provider too ) Not a true SMS ( texting ) experience. You do not receive a phone number other people can text you at. Do you really want to carry another electronic device around with you ? If I were you I would wait a while and see if they release a new version with improved software and capabilities. Skip this 1.0 product.	Introducing BrandXYZ Pronto, Time and Wired Magazine's Gadget of the Year of 2008, with one year of service included.Feel the speed with the power of push email! BrandXYZ Pronto gets your emails as soon as they're sent.BrandXYZ is a super thin and stylish device that lets you take your email with you and stay connected when and where you want it.BrandXYZ is packaged in a lightweight, slim design with a color display, full keypad and simple menus to make email and texting on the go a breeze.Get u...
21723	This Newer Mount Worked Great	Cheetah replaced the original mount I ordered (APDAM2B) with this new improved version. Here's my story and review which I posted on the original purchase... I ordered this mount for a summer home we are remodeling. When it arrived I noticed right away that the TV mounting bracket was not square with the wall bracket. Since I had read that other purchasers had this same problem I called Cheetah to discuss the issue and to make certain they would refund my money if the mount did not perform properly once it was installed to compensate for the out-of-level condition. I also wanted assurances that they would extend their warranty since my contractor was 4 weeks behind and we would not be installing the TV right away. I was dealing with Adam in their customer service department. Adam could tell that I was apprehensive about the manufacturing flaw in the mount. He quickly informed me that they had a newer generation of the mount that allowed for rotational adjustment of the TV mounting plate and strongly suggested that I exchange the mount for the newer version. I agreed, he sent me a return label and in two days I had the new mount. The new mount is very similar to the first one - a little lighter, has a built in level plus a separate level and includes every possible piece of hardware for attaching the mount to a wall with 16" studs. I believe the quality to be first rate. Last week I installed the mount and hung my 42" Vizio LCD TV. It worked perfectly. When I first looked at the mount I thought it might be overkill for my 37 lb. TV, but when you get the TV 20 inches or more from the wall you really need the strength to keep everything steady and sturdy. I would not recommend skimping on size. Cheetah has surpassed my expectations - especially when you consider the mount was $200 less than Sanus and Omni. I highly recommend this company and in particular their Customer Service person Adam.	The APDAM3 articulating arm mount features a flat profile of 4.5" profile from the wall to the back of your display and a full extension of 21" from the wall as well as +/-15 degrees of tilt. The APDAM3 mount is constructed with 28LBS of 100% High Grade Steel providing a sturdy and reliable mount. The APDAM3's solid wall plate allows for quick and easy installation and will support a wide variety of stud applications up to 17" apart. The APDAM3 mount will fit the majority of LCD, LED and Plasma ...
21724	It's Amazing How Much Power is in This Little Box...	The Viliv S5 is one thing: a pocket-sized XP computer with a touchscreen interface. This is where all its strengths and weaknesses come from. The Strengths: It has XP installed, not Vista. Yay! Anything possible with a basic XP machine is possible with this device. You can install programs, type up Word documents (although you may want an external keyboard; see "Weaknesses" section), surf the web, watch movies, and so much more. I've tried installing Blender (3D animation), the GIMP (Photoshop-like), an older 3D game, VLC player, Google Chrome, iTunes, and more. Each program works great. The only program I've tried that didn't work was a new graphics-heavy game. So here you have it: a full-fledged computer that fits into your pocket. COOL! The Weaknesses: The Windows interface is not really designed for 4.8" screens. Everything is tiny on this computer. Clicking icons with the stylus is an exercise in patience and positive thinking (remember to breathe in, breathe out). None of the onscreen keyboards I've tried with this computer have been 100% satisfactory. If you want to do lots of typing, plug in an external USB keyboard. Also, the joystick sometimes stops controlling the mouse pointer, and then it mysteriously starts working again. In conclusion, if you want a full-featured computer smaller than a notebook or netbook, the Viliv S5 has some quirks, but is definitely worth a look.	BrandXYZ has crafted an amazing, ultra-portable, fully-functional internet device, and rich in features. Despite all this, battery life and power are unabated. The BrandXYZ S5 features a superfine 4.8-Inch WSVGA display, 16 GB SSD, and an Intel AtomTM Silverthorne 1.2GHz CPU. From a pocket PC standpoint, the S5 has a surreal (for its size) battery life of 7-hours of use. Along with a instant-on feature that allows you to resume Windows XP from sleep in under five seconds--and commensurate 200-ho...
21725	Full Windows XP Computer in My Pocket	The Viliv S5 is a very cool device. It's not something that you'd want to use as your primary computer, but it definitely has a lot to offer for its price. Since it runs on Windows XP you can load whatever apps you want onto it, including iTunes and Office. I use Google Picasa to edit and share photos on the go. It's not that easy to type long documents on the Viliv S5's on screen keyboard, but you can hook up an external keyboard via USB or Bluetooth. When I need to write anything of length with the Viliv S5 I use Dragon NaturallySpeaking to transcribe my voice into text. One thing that's really nice about this device is its long battery life. I also like how it quickly wakes up from sleep. The Viliv S5 doesn't come with a lot of documentation, but there are plenty of enthusiast sites with in-depth information.	BrandXYZ has crafted an amazing, ultra-portable, fully-functional internet device, and rich in features. Despite all this, battery life and power are unabated. The BrandXYZ S5 features a superfine 4.8-Inch WSVGA display, 16 GB SSD, and an Intel AtomTM Silverthorne 1.2GHz CPU. From a pocket PC standpoint, the S5 has a surreal (for its size) battery life of 7-hours of use. Along with a instant-on feature that allows you to resume Windows XP from sleep in under five seconds--and commensurate 200-ho...
21726	S5 with Windows 7	I bought S5 about a month ago, it came with Windows XP. I have to say it is an excellent micro computer. By the second week I upgraded it to Windows 7 (thanks to the forums at "[...]" ) It runs fast without aero. You can use the new tablet features (hand writing input, new screen keyboard, etc) Good 1080p and 720p HD video support. Videos and images look amazing on the high resolution screen! Web browsing is a pleasure with Firefox "drag" add-on ebook reading is great in portrait mode, using screen rotation In conclusion this is a full featured, extremely portable computer. It is powerful enough to run applications like Microsoft Office, and can be upgraded to Windows 7.	BrandXYZ has crafted an amazing, ultra-portable, fully-functional internet device, and rich in features. Despite all this, battery life and power are unabated. The BrandXYZ S5 features a superfine 4.8-Inch WSVGA display, 16 GB SSD, and an Intel AtomTM Silverthorne 1.2GHz CPU. From a pocket PC standpoint, the S5 has a surreal (for its size) battery life of 7-hours of use. Along with a instant-on feature that allows you to resume Windows XP from sleep in under five seconds--and commensurate 200-ho...
21727	Amazing Device	I have been looking for a device like this for a long time. I need to periodically do some work related things when I am out of the office and I did not want to lug my laptop around everywhere. This device is perfect for a jacket pocket, bag, purse, or car. Smartphones like BlackBerries, IPhones, and Samsung and LG devices would not work because some of the applications I need are PC only. I was also unsatisfied with some of the smartphone web experiences as many smartphones still only support Flash-lite, not the full version of Flash, and still seem unable to handle a variety of websites. I also wanted to not only be able to read and respond to emails, but also to open and edit attachments as I would be able to on any desktop or laptop computer. The Viliv is a fully customizable PC. You can pretty much install anything on the Viliv that you can install on a regular PC. I run XP, MS Office, Adobe Creative Suite CS, FireFox, and Chrome and they all run as quickly as they do on my Core 2 Duo XP desktop. However, the Adobe Creative Suite is version CS (~2003), and not one of the more processor intensive recent versions. The onscreen keyboard is not only customizable, but you can replace it entirely with one of the numerous third party options out there. I found the default on screen keyboard to be okay, as some of the more frequently used keys (like numbers and dashes) require typing a mode button before the number keys appear in place of some letter keys. I replaced the default keyboard with the Zero Weight Keyboard, a full screen transparent keyboard that I have found very user friendly. I can thumb type emails at reasonable speeds with minimal errors. You can use WiFi or WWAN to connect to the Internet. My only complaint about the device is that it is not also a phone. I suppose I could run Skype on it, but I still would not be able to receive calls easily. Although the screen is high resolution, the screen is relatively small compared to a desktop/laptop and you may need to customize some XP settings prior to using the device (like setting Icons and Font sizes to large). Otherwise, the device feels solid and well built and is perfect for those who want an extremely portable PC.	BrandXYZ has crafted an amazing, ultra-portable, fully-functional internet device, and rich in features. Despite all this, battery life and power are unabated. The BrandXYZ S5 features a superfine 4.8-Inch WSVGA display, 16 GB SSD, and an Intel AtomTM Silverthorne 1.2GHz CPU. From a pocket PC standpoint, the S5 has a surreal (for its size) battery life of 7-hours of use. Along with a instant-on feature that allows you to resume Windows XP from sleep in under five seconds--and commensurate 200-ho...
21966	Great Notebook Kit	I really like this notebook kit. There are several things that stand out about it. 1) Stylish - the mouse, keyboard and stand are all minimalistic, but look nice with black and yellow accents. 2) Quality - I buy a lot of logitech stuff, but this seems to be really good as far as the build of the keyboard and mouse. 3) USB adapter - it comes with the low profile USB adapter so you never have to take it out of your notebook. This was the main reason i bought the kit, to replace my old notebook mouse with annoying large USB plug. 4) No Wires - some people may want a kit with extra USB ports or inputs, but i did not. I'm glad because there are no extra wires to clutter up my desk. So overall no complaints. Id heard with some of the other kits that the notebook didn't stay on the stand to well, but this one has multiple levels of incline and rubber on the bottom to grip the edge of the notebook. Maybe a little overpriced but i still recommend it.	BrandXYZ Notebook Kit M605 includes a wireless laser mouse, a pivoting notebook riser, and a compact wireless keyboard, so you can use your notebook your way.
21728	not as useful/convenient as you think	I am a gadget junkie, and at first I thought this stylish device was a dream come true. I own a really fast desktop computer and a convenient little netbook. I bought this device to carry around without a backpack (that was needed for my netbook). I bought this device 6 months ago during the summer, and honestly, I have not been using it as frequently as I would have thought. Here are the pros and cons: Pros: -Very Solid for its size. -Great picture resolution -No limits to functionality compared to the ipod touch. If you're a computer junky, you'll be able to download mostly anything for free, opposed to the ipod touch where you have to buy apps. -Good battery hours, lasted 7 hours for me once (on fairly low settings) -Sleek design -Good sleep mode, wakes up fast and saves power -Bluetooth and wifi (3G varies with model) Cons: -A bit heavy for its size -The device froze on me twice and I had to manually shut it down. -Runs unusually slow sometimes (like most computers) -No mic or webcam -No backstand, so its not self-supporting. You must hold it or let it lie down flat. -Cannot type fast at all with the on-screen keyboard. Slower than texting. -This is what really got me: it WILL NOT fit in your pants pocket. If you're wearing jeans, the device will not fit. Furthermore, if you're protective of your device and decide to put on the leather protection cover, it will add about 0.5cm to the width. Conclusion: I would recommend this device to you if you are someone who does not type a lot. However, if you're constantly instant messaging someone or networking or TYPING, get yourself a netbook. This device is NOT pocket-convenient. It only fits hoodie and coat pockets (it feels weird because it's quite heavy), making it inconvenient during the summer. Comparing this to the Ipod touch, this device is bulkier, heavier, and more expensive. The ONLY reason I bought this at first was that I didn't like how you have to buy all the apps for the ipod. After using this device ($550 cheapest), I really regret buying it...I should've bought the Ipod touch ($180) because it actually fits in your pants pocket.	BrandXYZ has crafted an amazing, ultra-portable, fully-functional internet device, and rich in features. Despite all this, battery life and power are unabated. The BrandXYZ S5 features a superfine 4.8-Inch WSVGA display, 16 GB SSD, and an Intel AtomTM Silverthorne 1.2GHz CPU. From a pocket PC standpoint, the S5 has a surreal (for its size) battery life of 7-hours of use. Along with a instant-on feature that allows you to resume Windows XP from sleep in under five seconds--and commensurate 200-ho...
21731	PROBLEM RESOLVED: LAN speed now as advertised	The problem below has been resolved with Intel's release of a new LAN driver package (14.6). This raises my star rating to 4-5 stars for this product. (Wish Amazon would allow edits of the star rating as well as the text) *** Original review: With the current BIOS (3822) and LAN driver (14.5), speeds are limited to 10Mb. Hopefully Intel will either fix this issue or correctly label their motherboard as 10Mb and not gigabit capable. [...]	BrandXYZ Extreme series Single pack. NO FSB, P55 chipset, DDR3-1600, PCIe 2.0 x16 or Dual x8, 0,1,5,10 & Matrix RAID,
21732	Exactly What I Wanted	I bought this product because I bike to work and wanted a product which satisfied these needs: (1) Small (2) Easy clip on (3) FM Radio to listen to NPR. It's definitely small, about the size of a match book; the sound is excellent, listening to both radio and mp3s. It's not the easiest of clip-ons, but it's not terribly difficult either. If you're more interested in sound, I would say that the bass is nicely jacked up on this device, which means it's just about right for listening with normal ear buds. If you plug it into your stereo, you'll want to turn the bass down a bit, or at least the treble up. The buttons on the device are tiny but really make ergonomic sense to me. In other words, when I'm biking, I can shift track and volume quite easily from the feel of the buttons. The obvious comparison here is with the latest ipod shuffle. I haven't listened to the shuffle, but I bought the Philips because (1) it had the radio -- presently only the ipod nano has the radio, and (2) it was a lot cheaper. I do have a mac and tend to use itunes to organise my music, so the shuffle would have been a little easier for downloading music. For the Philips device, you have to make sure all your tracks are mp3s rather than m4as and so on. If you're even half-awake on a computer, however, I don't really think this is a big deal.	
21759	Too bright with loud hum	Not happy with quality or features of this unit. Had a previous Timex Nature Sounds unit with better quality on all fronts. Here are the differences that led to my disappointment: - Display way too bright with no dimmer - I can read by the light it puts out - Audible buzz or hum and bright red light when an alarm is in a "snoozed" mode - Crude tuner and volume dials reminiscent of 70's technology with crackley sound when adjusting - Single dial volume control for radio and CD player listening and alarm - Dual alarms but one is buzzer only and the other is either sounds, radio, or CD - No daylight savings time adjustment - Same nature sounds tracks; would have preferred longer improved tracks or at least different tracks - Broad and flat - much larger footprint than previous upright model. You don't get the details on the box so there's no way to tell until you buy it, but I generally expect electronics products to improve with subsequent versions, not go backwards.	BrandXYZ CD Player
21760	Unreliable CD Player	I purchased two of these for my boys a couple of years ago. After 2 months the first one stopped playing CD's and then 1 year later the second one stopped playing CD's as well. Quite a disappointment. We use them now for the aux-line for our mp3 players and are looking for different ones. Clock, radio, nautre sounds features are all fine.	BrandXYZ CD Player
21761	Very good clock radio	We have only been using this clock radio for two weeks, but so far we are very happy with it. The sound quality is extremely good (so far we have only used it for CDs and not the radio), and the numbers (for the time) are huge and easy to see in a dark room. We haven't used the nature sounds yet and I'm not sure we will. But for our cd, alarm clock, and time purposes this is a great item.	BrandXYZ CD Player
21765	Good sound quality and easy to use	I baught this product couple of days ago. The sound quality is good and it is very easy to use. I was able play both my Iphone and Ipod very easily. Good thing is that it also charges them while connected. The only issue I find in this is the qulity of the docking station (the place where you put the Ipod/Iphone). It seems like if you press it little hard it will break. So you have to be careful not be press the Iphone/Ipod very hard on the connector point.	While many iPod speakers fall into the dime-a-dozen category, the iGroove SXT iPod Speaker System, with iPhone certification, definitely does not. In fact, this sleek, pint-sized powerhouse fits perfectly into any room, while making your playlists larger than life. Sleek style and performance prowess. Click to enlarge. Re-tuned bass ports remove "port noise." Shielded from cell phone interference to prevent unwanted noise. The original iGroove SXT, introduced in 2007, turned a lot of heads with ...
21766	Sounds great!	I tried out several different dock/speaker systems at the Apple store before deciding on this one. It sounds so much better than all the others. Pros: small footprint (it easily fits on a tiny nightstand) & great sound for such a small unit. It comes with a bunch of different docking adapters to fit most any iPhone/iPod model, though I found it fits my iPhone 3GS with the adapter that's already in it. And even better, I can dock my iPhone without having to remove the phone from its case. About the only negative is it's a bit expensive. Also the remote didn't work out of the box, but the problem there turned out to be that they'd installed the battery in the remote upside down. Flipped it over and now it works great.	While many iPod speakers fall into the dime-a-dozen category, the iGroove SXT iPod Speaker System, with iPhone certification, definitely does not. In fact, this sleek, pint-sized powerhouse fits perfectly into any room, while making your playlists larger than life. Sleek style and performance prowess. Click to enlarge. Re-tuned bass ports remove "port noise." Shielded from cell phone interference to prevent unwanted noise. The original iGroove SXT, introduced in 2007, turned a lot of heads with ...
9279	Fun computer tool	I like my new VisTablet mini, my only comment is that it does not come with a lot of instructions and the quick tabs don't work well for me. But what a fun tool to play with...and great for details...It works well with my photoshop and draw plus 2 program. The people at VisTablet are very approachable and helpful...so together we are working out the kinks.	BrandXYZ Mini (3x5 dimensions), the smallest, thinnest and most portable graphic tablet. Pen tablets have been around for some time. Not until recently have they become affordable to the general public. These tablets are ideal for professionals in the Graphic art and Photo industries, students, and general needs for handwriting recognition on your MAC or PC. BrandXYZ allows you to explore the internet, draw, paint, write, highlight and do professional or home photo editing. BrandXYZ ahs incorpor...
21767	Quite Good, Not Great (Comparison to Bose SoundDock)	Here's the quick. The Klipsch is quite good but not great. I performed by own side-by-side comparison of the Klipsch iGroove SXT ($149) to the Bose SoundDock Portable ($359). Bose * Richer, deeper more robust sound. Truly is impressive. * Touch volume buttons easier to push (vs. Klipsch mechanical buttons take a little force). * Cord transformer part of the plug plus the cord can smartly be partially hidden in the transformer to let out only the amount of cord you want(vs. Klipsch transformer in the middle of the cord). Advantage Bose. * Achieves louder volume (though Klipsch is pretty good too). * Heavier unit, presumably a reflection of larger speaker magnets. (Both units have essentially the same countertop footprint but the Bose is taller.) Klipsch * Very good sound, but just not as impressive as the Bose. * Exchangable docking port for various MP3 players (though the one-size-fits-all on the Bose works fine for my iPhone). * Accepts the iPhone without a warning. (Annoyance of the Bose: it displays a warning message that it's not compatible with the iPhone even though actually is.) * Price. Bottom Line: If you have $149 to spend, buy the Klipsch and you'll be happy. If you have $359 to spend, buy the Bose and you'll be very happy.	While many iPod speakers fall into the dime-a-dozen category, the iGroove SXT iPod Speaker System, with iPhone certification, definitely does not. In fact, this sleek, pint-sized powerhouse fits perfectly into any room, while making your playlists larger than life. Sleek style and performance prowess. Click to enlarge. Re-tuned bass ports remove "port noise." Shielded from cell phone interference to prevent unwanted noise. The original iGroove SXT, introduced in 2007, turned a lot of heads with ...
21768	Under Rated and a bargain.	I own 3 of these. They are so much better than the more prevalent one (that starts with a B and costs $300). The sound quality in my opinion surpasses the other.	While many iPod speakers fall into the dime-a-dozen category, the iGroove SXT iPod Speaker System, with iPhone certification, definitely does not. In fact, this sleek, pint-sized powerhouse fits perfectly into any room, while making your playlists larger than life. Sleek style and performance prowess. Click to enlarge. Re-tuned bass ports remove "port noise." Shielded from cell phone interference to prevent unwanted noise. The original iGroove SXT, introduced in 2007, turned a lot of heads with ...
228	Get some peanut butter to go with your jam	I've never seen paper jam so much in a printer. About 65% of the time, it's okay. Another 20% of the time, it feeds in a little crooked and then I have an unusable, crooked page. I can't send a resume like this. Another 10% of the time, it feeds a little more crooked and it frays along the edge. Definitely can't have that on a resume. The last 5% of the time, that's 1 sheet out of 20, it jams so badly that it comes out in shreds. I am afraid that it will ruin my printer. Maybe the problem is my printer, but I'm not buying a new one. I can't even afford to buy more paper. In fact, I'm pretty mad about the toner that's being wasted. Update: I called Southworth since their paper is guaranteed to work with inkjet printers. They gave some advice about printer settings, and they're going to send me a pack of heavier, stiffer paper (24#, 25% cotton) that might not jam as much. Even if it does jam, I appreciate that they make the effort for individual customers. Many companies don't bother.	100% cotton fiber for a prestigous look and feel. Strong and durable. Watermarked and date-coded. Laser, ink jet and copier guaranteed. Rich, elegant finish with a creamy smooth texture. 8-1/2 x 11. Global Product Type: Resume/Stationery Paper, Paper Weight: 20 lb, Paper Color(s): White, Design: N/A.
229	Special high quality paper	This special paper was a gift to my grand daughter who is finishing her Master's degree and needed a very good paper to print it on. I think she is very satisfied.	100% cotton fiber for a prestigous look and feel. Strong and durable. Watermarked and date-coded. Laser, ink jet and copier guaranteed. Rich, elegant finish with a creamy smooth texture. 8-1/2 x 11. Global Product Type: Resume/Stationery Paper, Paper Weight: 20 lb, Paper Color(s): White, Design: N/A.
21769	Best portable music system for Ipod/Iphone	I would definitely recommend this portable music system for your Ipod/Iphone. I got one today which I am using with my Ipod touch 3G. It sounds awesome!!	While many iPod speakers fall into the dime-a-dozen category, the iGroove SXT iPod Speaker System, with iPhone certification, definitely does not. In fact, this sleek, pint-sized powerhouse fits perfectly into any room, while making your playlists larger than life. Sleek style and performance prowess. Click to enlarge. Re-tuned bass ports remove "port noise." Shielded from cell phone interference to prevent unwanted noise. The original iGroove SXT, introduced in 2007, turned a lot of heads with ...
9785	Slow wired ports	I upgraded to this from a cheap dlink 802.11B router. I noticed my wired connection was slow. Further testing revealed that the Zyxel is limiting the download speed on the wired ports. I tried tinkering but can't get decent performance from this router.	BrandXYZ P-320W is a firewall router with 4-port switch for sharing Internet access. The built-in IEEE 802.11g Access Point allows you to connect wireless devices to the network. With the powerful SPI firewall, the P-320W provides security protection for home computers surfing the Internet.Why wireless security features are important? Security features are important to prevent unauthorized or unknown users from sharing your Internet connection and to protect personal or private information on yo...
9790	Top-rated backup utilty; neat user interface; clueless rambling manual	Solid, simple and comprehensible backup programs should be highly polished and reliable utilites by now -- easily outclassing the clunky Windows software. Surprisingly, not so at all; Retrospect, the tortuous and expensive but highly reliable dean of the class was tops for performance. Lately though the product has fallen behind, with the latest version not all that much enhanced. So finding NovaBackup ver 10 now toprated in class (having tossed ver.7 years ago) I purchased the boxed version. The well-designed interface is clean, streamlined and covers all the backup tasks, with direct disk imaging for disaster recovery now included. Installation itself was a breeze ... until you realize they ship the 15-day trial version after which all your backups become useless. Getting the serial number registered alone was an all-evening aggravation, that could have been avoided were only proper printed (or readme) guidance provided. The rambling instruction manual, as well as the Help tips seem to have been dashed together by a committee of geeks. Numerous unpardonable omissions of getting-started questions such as proper use of the 'New Job' and 'Save Job' buttons, and a bewildering jumble of terms like key code, serial number, etc. are left for the user to figure out. Maddening too for lack of clarification is the difference between 'Job Name', 'Media' or 'Backup Job Name'; these terms sometimes are exclusive, other times interchangeable, and many times are called something else altogether in the user dialog boxes. This is a very promising backup utility, but it's got a ways to go yet to marry up advanced software engineering with basic operational needs. Until a comprehensible manual and help (preferably contextual) become available, this is recommended only for the tenacious PC user.	Item #: T12242. NovaNet-WEB is a complete Online Backup product including both client and server software. NovaNet-WEB gives businesses the ability to set up a cost-effective internal backup solution for laptops, desktops and servers. The NovaNet-WEB Client software can easily be configured and distributed to hundreds of computers. Redundant File Elimination and predefined backup configurations can be used by every user to automatically backup only important data each day without intervention. S...
21772	The search for the best GPS	I have used many GPS devices such as Garmin, TomTom, Navigon, etc.. And in the end the TomTom products always seem to be superior. Every time I buy a new GPS, I sit in my driveway and do a few simple tests. The first is how fast is it ready to navigate. I don't think anyone will ever be faster than TomTom. Second, how easy is it for me to find a local store I shop at every week... for example the local Kroger's grocery store that's close to my house. Again, TomTom can help me route to this very quickly and with minimal amounts of button pushing. To be fair, other devices may be able to find the same place, but not without having to scroll through 1000 POI's, or without having to push 50 buttons... Third, I need weather and traffic, and as much information as I can get about where I am, where I am going, and what's in between.. the more information the better as far as I am concerned. TomTom again is excellent in this area and now with a built in data connection provided by a cell signal, I can have all the information that I want, anywhere and anytime. I have tried the FM traffic version of this, and the MSN version of this, but MSN is going to stop offering this service next year (2010), so don't waste your time getting a device that you plan to use MSN on, and the FM signal range and quality of data has left me a bit underwhelmed. Once again the TomToms "Live" feature has found a great way to provide real-time information to me regardless of where I am. Yes, this feature is free for the first three months, and then runs about $10 a month. If you buy this GPS, try the Live feature out for a week or so and if you don't see the value, then go back to buying printed maps, because you are not ready for the future of GPS devices. One of the interesting features of the Live service is the ability to use Google search right from the device. At first I was not sure what use this would be, then I found myself in a situation where a location I thought should be a POI was not found on the device, or perhaps I was not looking in the right place, or had the category wrong... who knows.. But I went to the Google search feature, and told it what I was looking for, and Google pulled up some listings just like it does on your computer, and I selected what I wanted, and the device created the route from that. So for some reason if the GPS device can't understand or find what you are looking for, then Google is there to fill in the gap. Another great feature of the Live service is the location of cheap gas! Yes, that's right, the Live service can tell you all about the gas prices around you, and help you get to the cheapest. Who couldn't benefit from that? Additionally, the "TomTom At Home" software that you install on your computer does a great job of updating the device, make changes to it or even plan routes or travel from it. Lots of GPS's lets you update the device from the web, but none allow as much interaction with the device outside of basic map updates then the "At Home" software. If being able to interact with the GPS device using your computer is important to you, then I would suggest getting a TomTom for now. For me, this device has all you can ask for in a car GPS (PND for you tech geeks), and the price is right. The device is advanced, yet easy to interact with, so I feel even for a first time GPS user, or non-tech type of person, you would still be very happy. I have spent a long time on my quest for a great GPS device, and I hope this little bit of information will be helpful to you on yours.	BrandXYZ XL 340-S LIVE is navigation and so much more. Real-time information saves you time, money, and stress. GO LIVE automatically accesses traffic feeds, updated fuel prices, Local Search powered by Google, and Weather--so you can stay in the know on the go. Real-time services work right out of the box via a built-in wireless data connection. Three months of service included. GO LIVE automatically accesses traffic feeds, updated fuel prices, Local Search powered by Google, and Weather. Click...
21774	Good Print Quality, Easy Install	I have had this printer about two weeks, and so far it is great. Install was easy on my network,with networking built-in. The print quality on both black & white, and color is very good. The toner cartridges that come with the printer are "starter" cartridges, and yield only about 1000 copies. So far, Brother direct, or Staples seem to be the only ones that have replacement cartridges, and they are expensive ($65+) for 2500 page yield cartridges, and there are four of them total? Have been able to print both labels and card stock from the regular print tray, with minimal curling. There is a straight-thru manual feel slot. Price was right, sub$200 with discounts... and a free label printer thrown in...	The HL-3040CN is a digital color printer with networking that is ideal for home offices or small offices. It produces brilliant, high-quality output at up to 600 x 2400 dpi resolution with a fast print speed of up to 17ppm in color or black.? The HL-3040CN also provides a 250-sheet capacity paper tray and a straight through paper path via its manual feed slot, ideal for printing envelopes and letterhead.? Additional features include a built-in Ethernet network interface for printer sharing and a...
21776	Very good for color office documents, but not suitable for photo printing	I got this printer at an incredible price of [...] on black friday ([...]) and immediately got two of these. I was looking for a network color laser and this fits the bill very well with good text and graphics for normal document printing. I was also hoping this would be a decent photo printer, but this falls short for that purpose both in terms of quality at its highest resolution of 2400 dpi and in color rendition. As long as you are not planning on printing photos this would be a good buy, which stands true to the advertised use of this printer. Other thoughts: 1. This is a LED printer and not laser, but you would be hard pressed to tell any difference. 2. I had an 512MB PC133 SODIMM from an old laptop that I was no longer using, and the printer recognized it without any issues (its tests the memory at startup, so it takes a while). 3. This printer is larger and heavier than my Brother black & white duplex 5250 DN which is continuing to work great for 3 years without issues. Plan on having plenty of room to keep the printer. The base of this printer is probably amongst the largest I have seen in stores for color lasers. The height is reasonably low. 4. I plan on using the cartridges from the 2nd printer after the 1st one is exhausted. This is cheaper than buying them seperately.	The HL-3040CN is a digital color printer with networking that is ideal for home offices or small offices. It produces brilliant, high-quality output at up to 600 x 2400 dpi resolution with a fast print speed of up to 17ppm in color or black.? The HL-3040CN also provides a 250-sheet capacity paper tray and a straight through paper path via its manual feed slot, ideal for printing envelopes and letterhead.? Additional features include a built-in Ethernet network interface for printer sharing and a...
21777	Great Printer - when on Sale Great Price	OfficeMax was advertising this for $179. Amazon was higher, but when I checked later they were at the same price. Bought from Amazon - Great deal. Very good quality printout. Reasonably fast. Good color - not inkjet quality but it is a laser and for the price what more can you ask for.	The HL-3040CN is a digital color printer with networking that is ideal for home offices or small offices. It produces brilliant, high-quality output at up to 600 x 2400 dpi resolution with a fast print speed of up to 17ppm in color or black.? The HL-3040CN also provides a 250-sheet capacity paper tray and a straight through paper path via its manual feed slot, ideal for printing envelopes and letterhead.? Additional features include a built-in Ethernet network interface for printer sharing and a...
21778	Nice fit, nice sound, great isolation	I bought the Comply Tx-500 foam tips to use with my Ultimate Ears Super.Fi 5 Pro earphones. This is the model Comply's web site indicated fitted my phones and it was correct. Before ordering, I suggest you visit Comply's site and use their selector tool to identify the tip model right for you. I've never had much luck with the silicone tips that come with in-ear phones, and the foam cylinders UE included, which worked ok for me, have deteriorated, so I was on the lookout for a good replacement. The Tx-500 is comfortable and the outer surface being smooth means that it won't fill up with dirt too quickly. If you order this set from Amazon, you get the medium size, which "fits most". It is also available from Comply's web site in small and large, and in a set with one pair in each size. My ear canals are, I guess, a bit on the small side. The mediums work but next time I'll try small to see if that's better. I was very impressed with the sound isolation - I typically use the earphones on airplanes, so that was important to me. I've tried various noise-canceling headphones but never liked any of them. The Comply tips worked great in that regard, and I got good sound quality from the UE phones. I highly recommend the Tx-500 - just take into account which size is best for you. Edit: I have tried to get Amazon to specify that the size is "Medium". They changed it from not specifying the size at all to "Small/Medium", which is not correct, and rejected my second attempt to correct it. Comply doesn't make a "Small/Medium" - these are Medium.	BrandXYZ Foam Tips comfortably seal the ear canal to provide high levels of noise isolation and retention. Made from unique breathable memory foam that is activated by body heat and becomes ultra soft, reducing irritation and fatigue. The new Tx-Series has all the benefits of ?The Original? T-Series? PLUS integrated Wax-Guard that prevents wax from entering the sound port!! Over time ear-wax will diminish sound quality and damage the earphones.
21779	Replaced my Seagate Boot HD with WDC Caviar Black 500 GB HD SATA II	I Replaced the Seagate 320GB SATA Boot HD that came installed on my PC. It was forever slow and needed CHKDSK /F run almost daily. So, after running tests and wiping the Seagate, and nothing changed, I decided to go back to a Western Digital Drive (I have 3 others, a Maxtor and a Seagate). While I really liked the fast response from Seagate Support Dept., after doing all they told me to do, the drive just was not "right" and it never got any better. After investigating many drives, I decided on this 500GB Black Caviar from Western Digital. Four things convinced me to take the plunge: 1) WD now has a 5 year warranty on the "Black Caviar" series. 2) The 32MB Cache (Not indispensable, but a noticeable performance increase) 3) This Drive is a"SATA II" HD and is definitely faster than the Seagate 320GB "SATA I" Boot HD that came with my Computer. 4) I currently running 2 External SATAII Hard Drives: 1-750GB ("Cavalry" Brand [Terrible case and very POOR Fan!!) AND 1-1TB Fanless External, sold under the name "FANTOM" [which is Super Speedy, never runs hot and has been a great surprise]. Both have Western Digital Drives in them and perform quite well, better than my internal Seagate, in all respects. In addition, I purchased a very useful peripheral. The "THERMALTAKE BlacX Duet eSATA/USB (P/N:ST0014U) Dual Drive Docking Station", so I could still use my Seagate 320GB. I am very pleased with it, and highly recommend it. {http://www.amazon.com/Thermaltake-BlacX-Portable-External-ST0014U/dp/B002MUYOLW/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=electronics&qid=1257605119&sr=8-1} (Note: The "THERMALTAKE BlacX Duet was listed by AMAZON as being sold by "AntOnline", so the same day I purchased my WD 500GB Black Caviar from Amazon (Using my Amazon PRIME Account), I ordered the "BlacX Duet" and a External 6' eSATA Cable from "AntOnline" on the Amazon site. Both items were shown as "In Stock". To my surprise and dismay, Amazon notified me, a number of days later, that "AntOnline" could not ship, as they had neither of the 2 items I ordered. I already had received my new WD Drive, from Amazon, and was pressed for time so I had to rush order the "Duet" from another OnLine Provider. While this may be an isolated case, I feel the need to add this, because I will NEVER buy anything from "AntOnline" again, no matter how attractive the price may appear to be. I am sharing my personal experience with "AntOnline" so you do not go through the same. "Caveat Emptor"!!	Western Digital Caviar Black 500 GB Bulk/OEM Hard Drive 3.5 Inch, 32 MB Cache, 7200 RPM SATA II BrandXYZ5001AALS
21781	Great value, performance and ASUS has a 2 year warranty!	The first laptop had dark spots in the corner of the display. Amazon next day shipped the replacement. Excellent customer support. This laptop runs great out of the box with only a small about of junk software. Mainly ASUS applications showing you some of the cool things you can do. Windows 7 so far has impressed me but be aware you will need to do a large amount of updates. (1 gig or better) The HDMI interface works great for connecting your HDTV to play dvd media and web content. Laptop runs cooler than expected but I still would recommend a good power cooler pad. This model does not have a blu-ray rom, only the K61IC-X1 does. This model you get a faster processor but no blu-ray. Thank you for the person that corrected me on this fact.	The BrandXYZ K61IC notebook is designed to provide exceptional performance and value. Boasting the muscle to provide cinematic audio and visual enjoyment, users can experience immersive entertainment anytime, anywhere in comfort and style. The BrandXYZ K61IC notebook sports a 16 inch High Definition display that provides a high contrast rate and color saturation, while an NVidia GT 220M graphics engine with 1GB DDR2 VRAM provides crisp and clear visuals. Rounding out the entertainment package, A...
21782	Dell XPS Meet Your Match	I bought a Dell XPS M1530 November 2008 and it was subsequently stolen November of 2009. In my quest to replace my laptop I was stubborn & hesitant at first to stray from Dell having owned 3 laptops previously from them with no issues and nothing but excellent experience. I went shopping at a local Electronics retailer and stumbled upon this machine which is lesser known in the Southern US, however I have now learned they are the 3rd largest seller of laptop computers in the world and have won numerous awards. This machine is FAST it boots up to start menu in a mere 8 seconds flat which is impressive. Although there are faster machines out there, for the price of this one it is well worth it for under $1000. The screen picture is crisp as no other and is LED HD and has one of the best resolutions out there, great for movies and other video media. The internal sound card combined with alltec lansing speakers provide for an excellent sound also for music, etc. ALthough not as fancy to the eye or as gimicky as a Dell XPS this is as compatible as it gets and at a better price. also interesting is the 1yr warranty that protects you even from accidental dropping of the machine. 2 thumbs up, 5 stars, etc.	The BrandXYZ K61IC notebook is designed to provide exceptional performance and value. Boasting the muscle to provide cinematic audio and visual enjoyment, users can experience immersive entertainment anytime, anywhere in comfort and style. The BrandXYZ K61IC notebook sports a 16 inch High Definition display that provides a high contrast rate and color saturation, while an NVidia GT 220M graphics engine with 1GB DDR2 VRAM provides crisp and clear visuals. Rounding out the entertainment package, A...
21783	:( Battery life = 1.5 hours	I was disappointed to find out the fully charged battery only lasts 1.5 hours. I can't imagine what kind of a charge it will hold in 6 months. I notice now that there is no mention of battery life on any of the Asus laptops I looked at. Perhaps there is a battery upgrade?	The BrandXYZ K61IC notebook is designed to provide exceptional performance and value. Boasting the muscle to provide cinematic audio and visual enjoyment, users can experience immersive entertainment anytime, anywhere in comfort and style. The BrandXYZ K61IC notebook sports a 16 inch High Definition display that provides a high contrast rate and color saturation, while an NVidia GT 220M graphics engine with 1GB DDR2 VRAM provides crisp and clear visuals. Rounding out the entertainment package, A...
21939	Mine just arrived	Looks like a very nice netbook. My daughter will be very please for Christmas. I'm happy on the $299 price tags, thanks Amazon black Friday!	The Mini 10 is everything you want in a mobile companion and more. It may be small, but you?ll be surprised by all the fun features packed inside. Be productive with a keyboard 92 percentage the size of a traditional laptop keyboard. Enjoy a beautiful view with a seamless display surface1 and 16:9 aspect ratio. And stay connected with advanced wireless options. You can also view high-def TV with the included digital TV tuner. *Based on BrandXYZ Lab testing. Battery life varies by configuration, ...
21940	Amazon's "Lightning Deals" - from the bottom of the deck.	Like the previous reviewer, I recommend this netbook at the $299 price. Too bad Amazon made so few of them available on their Cyber Monday "Lightning Deal" offer. I clicked "Add to Cart" in the first second it was available, but it was sold out. At $399 you can do better elsewhere. I see Amazon has removed the previous negative reviews on this point, so read this one fast before it's "Sold Out" too.	The Mini 10 is everything you want in a mobile companion and more. It may be small, but you?ll be surprised by all the fun features packed inside. Be productive with a keyboard 92 percentage the size of a traditional laptop keyboard. Enjoy a beautiful view with a seamless display surface1 and 16:9 aspect ratio. And stay connected with advanced wireless options. You can also view high-def TV with the included digital TV tuner. *Based on BrandXYZ Lab testing. Battery life varies by configuration, ...
21784	amazing	It's perfect for me ! It's lite,carry on trip's, vacation, weekends away. Not for the serious I've gotta work while I'm here BUT to access the internet, check all of my stock prices, probably do alot more than I do, It's cute and perfect for me.	Browse the Web, check email, share photos, keep up with social networks, listen to music and enjoy a variety of entertainment with the Aspire One AOD250, which features a small compact design that you can take anywhere. BrandXYZ makes it easy to stay productive while on the go with the 10.1-inch CrystalBrite LED-backlit screen as well as its excellent near full-size keyboard. A great choice for students as well as business travelers who like to travel light, this Aspire One AOD250 model (AOD250-...
9811	The Price is Right	I have owned my Pulse Smartpen since May, 2008. Several months ago when I needed to buy additional notebooks, I commented how the notebooks were reasonably priced and how Livescribe was obviously not pricing its supplies like printer manufacturers price toner and inkjet cartridges. After 8 months I finally need new ink cartridges. With a little bit of trepidation I went to the Amazon website. I wasn't surprised, but I was certainly pleased with what I found. Livescribe, to its great credit, continues to sell supplies at a reasonable price. These replacement cartridges are a prime example.	Four Medium Blue and one Red cartridge to refills for your BrandXYZ Pulse Smartpen.
21785	Works like a charm!	Just like the specs said it would work. Boots in no time!. It is fast and stable. The battery life actually reaches de 9 hours like it is supposed to. One aspect I did not like is the pre installed demo software like Acer Game Zone (but you just can errase with no dificult procedures). Justo como las especificaciones decian que ten?a que trabajar. Bootea en casi nada!. Es r?pida y estable. La bateria realmente llega a durar las 9 horas que se supone deber?a. Un aspecto que no me gusto son los programas pre instalados de demostraci?n como los juegos Acer (pero estos pueden ser borrados facilmente y sin problemas)	Browse the Web, check email, share photos, keep up with social networks, listen to music and enjoy a variety of entertainment with the Aspire One AOD250, which features a small compact design that you can take anywhere. BrandXYZ makes it easy to stay productive while on the go with the 10.1-inch CrystalBrite LED-backlit screen as well as its excellent near full-size keyboard. A great choice for students as well as business travelers who like to travel light, this Aspire One AOD250 model (AOD250-...
21792	Good so far.	The actual drive inside this thing is a Samsung Spinpoint M7 (HM320II). Not a huge fan of Samsung drives, but it's not bad according to the specs. I can achieve speeds of 18 MB/s on large files, while on a bunch of small files it sometimes drops to about 6Mb/s, which sounds about average. I like the matte finish, and surprisingly doesn't get very hot even after leaving it connected overnight. There is no installation required. Just plug it in, and it will show up under My Computer as a new hard drive. If you're a Mac user I recommend that you format it first with Disk Utility, as it comes pre-formatted in NTFS. Oh, and don't plug it in an unpowered USB hub, because it won't work (or at least will perform badly, since it uses the USB port for power). Use one of your motherboard's USB ports directly. Also, the cable is standard mini-USB so replacement will be cheap if you ever lose it. The only major problem I have with this drive is the price. At $100, it's obviously overpriced. You might want to wait until the price drops down a little. I can't say anything about longevity, but will update this review if it stops working after an unreasonable amount of time. UPDATE (11/14/09): The price dropped to a much more reasonable one, and as such my main concern with the drive is no longer valid. It's also still working fine as of today.	Clone your Life! The ultimate in ease, style and portability -- BrandXYZ CL?N hard drive is mega capacity and speed, and is about as big as a smart phone. The black, scuff resistant surface travels well and slips easily into your pocket or briefcase. Available in 250GB, 320GB and 500GB, CL?N stores everything from vital business data to tunes to photos. CL?N is powered by a USB cable and features a data transfer rate of 480Mb/s. For extra security Nero BackItUp software can be scheduled to perfo...
21796	Great small addon drive - backup software lacking	The verbatim 320 GB backup solution is a great, small (2.5") external disk drive. It plugs into a single USB outlet and installs all needed drivers to function quickly. Update 11-19-09: Having used this for a month now its become exclusively a means to transport large (multi gb) files with its NTFS filesystem format between machines. I'm migrating to windows 7 and frequently need to pull files from my old computers - the compact size of this drive and problems with its pre-loaded backup software made it much more useful as a a shirt pocket sized data storage solution. This is really a shame because devices like windows home server can backup an entire system without the need to lock all files - I own an HP EX475 and it routinely pops up and does a backup while I'm using the computer late at night. The drive's speed and single usb connector (many external drives require dual usbs to get enough power to run) make this ideal to carry as much as 1/2 terrabyte in your pocket an not even know its there. The hits are the small size (it fits in the smallest of places), large drive space up to 1/2 TB, and single USB plug advantage over competing products with siamese USB plugs. The misses are the included backup software. Reliability has been excellent - I've filled mine and emptied it twice now. (original review below) There are 2 parts to the system, the software and the drive itself. For the drive I'd recommend the 500 GB version as you'll probably need it at some point down the road. Quality of construction is great and the size is ultra compact. The drive comes NTFS formatted ready for very large files For the backup software, it has a critical flaw. In order to backup a system, it must "lock" the files during backup, which is not possible while windows is running. I tried this with a MSI wind 160 GB internal drive and found it would not backup the system (and program) partition due to the fact the files were in use. This is a critical flaw in the backup software which ships with the drive in a file folder ready to install and run. Other than that the drive does offer the extra space on the USB interface. Performance over the USB 2.0 i/f is somewhat degraded but for small file sizes (40GB and less) it's not a problem. I found I could back up a blu-ray disk (43GB) to the portable drive as an .iso file in just a few minutes. Best advice is if you find you need more external storage, then the 500 GB model is more appropriate	Clone your Life! The ultimate in ease, style and portability -- BrandXYZ CL?N hard drive is mega capacity and speed, and is about as big as a smart phone. The black, scuff resistant surface travels well and slips easily into your pocket or briefcase. Available in 250GB, 320GB and 500GB, CL?N stores everything from vital business data to tunes to photos. CL?N is powered by a USB cable and features a data transfer rate of 480Mb/s. For extra security Nero BackItUp software can be scheduled to perfo...
21797	Great backup	I am a basic computer user and found this very easy/intuitive to use. You just plug it into the computer with the provided USB cable. I have a Mac and tried to use the keyboard USB, but as a helpful hint, plug it directly into the computer USB. The keyboard USB did not have enough power and kept it from connecting. Once I plugged it in, an icon popped up and the software called Time Machine popped up as well. It asked me if I wanted backups to be stored on this new equipment, I said yes, and it started loading. As a first time user of external storage, this was much easier then I thought it would be. The software allows you to set up manual backups or automatic hourly backups. It keeps hourly backups for the past 24 hours, daily backups for the past month and weekly backups until the disk is full. As the previous reviewer commented, the casing material is top-notch, a very attractive textured black. It's the size of the first gen Blackberry's, so you can definitely put in your pocket/purse if you want.	Clone your Life! The ultimate in ease, style and portability -- BrandXYZ CL?N hard drive is mega capacity and speed, and is about as big as a smart phone. The black, scuff resistant surface travels well and slips easily into your pocket or briefcase. Available in 250GB, 320GB and 500GB, CL?N stores everything from vital business data to tunes to photos. CL?N is powered by a USB cable and features a data transfer rate of 480Mb/s. For extra security Nero BackItUp software can be scheduled to perfo...
21798	Nondescript	BRIEF ASSESSMENT Verbatim's CLON aims to be yet another home computer or laptop backup solution in an field already crowded by both near-similar products and competing technologies. As far as I can tell, there is nothing that would distinguish the CLON or make it stand out as a leading product in its class. FEATURES Size ---- The CLON is built around the ubiquitous 2.5" SATA HDD form factor. It's a highly standardized format because all SATA drives are meant to fit inside standard laptop drive bays and it's impossible to make it any smaller. To state that the CLON is one of the smallest 2.5" drives is not very meaningful. 2.5" is... 2.5", always. After placing the CLON next to the , it turns out that the CLON has the exact same width and thickness but, indeed, it is 1/8" shorter than the InfoSafe and the InfoSafe does not claim to be 'one of the smallest'. Portability ----------- All 2.5" external SATA drives are nearly equally portable. It would have been nice if the CLON came with some (cushioned) carrying box that would also hold the USB wire but it doesn't. The CLON is only a bare-bones drive in a black enclosure. Design ------ The drive's enclosure closely follows the disk's flat shape, nothing notable unless the fact that it is 'black' can get someone excited. The plastic is mostly matte, not shiny so, unless you touch the part of the enclosure that is shiny, fingerprints won't be visible. A design or maybe an engineering issue is the plastic body. The CLON tends to run pretty hot because plastic is not so good at dissipating heat. Disks encased in an aluminum casing can stay much cooler but they are a little heavier too. If all you need the CLON is for the occasional 'peace of mind' backup, this shouldn't be a big deal. My unit, while getting alarmingly hot, did not melt during my test 4.5 hours backup job. Storage ------- 320GB is a good chunk of space for backups but 'state of the art' for a 2.5"/9.5mm SATA at the time I write this review is 640GB. 1TB 2.5" SATA drives are available in the more exotic 12.5mm form factor. Versatility ----------- Like all external HDDs in its class, the CLON is powered by the host laptop/desktop via the USB wire. Unlike some, powering it through a separate power adaptor is not an option. The CLON comes formatted as NTFS. This is the native file system for Windows XP and Vista but, as far as I know, Macs are not very comfortable with it. Mac compatibility is claimed and I have no reason to doubt that this is indeed the case. Backup capabilities ------------------- I was not impressed by the bundled Nero BackItUp 4. It took it over 4 hours to back up 80GB and, to make it worse, it doesn't have a way of backing up a Windows system partition (the C: drive in most cases). I posted to screenshots providing some supporting evidence to the statements I made above. I uninstalled Nero because I have no use for it. Performance ----------- Almost 4.5 hours to backup 80GB (with verify) is just terrible. I am blaming the backup software for this sluggishness but I found no compelling evidence that would place the CLON drive among the top performers in its class. Value ----- A 320GB OEM drive, a 2.5" SATA enclosure and a 1-foot long USB wire can be had for less than the CLON sells and the end-result would be something almost indistinguishable from Verbatim's product - I put together 2 of these myself out of older discarded laptop and PS3 drives. CLON's price is not at all attractive. A drive enclosure can be had for less than $5 and it usually comes with the needed USB cable. An equivalent, good quality 2.5", 360GB, 5400RPM SATA drive can be had for about $60 at the time I write this. You add up the 2 and, it turns out that there isn't a lot of value in the CLON. Even for those who don't feel comfortable with assembling a CLON-like portable drive from scratch, competitors offer drives of similar physical size with larger storage (500GB) and some backup utility at a lower price. Note: Since I wrote this review, the price of this unit dropped by 30%. This is a very sensible thing to do because only a completely uninformed customer would have bought it at the 'list' price, only to regret it. This brings the 'value' closer if not on par with what other vendors charge for equivalent products but I still maintain the the CLON is a 'nondescript' product that offers nothing above and beyond the competition does. EVALUATION I found nothing that would compel me to 'like' the CLON and pick IT over whatever the competition offers and therefore grant it 4 stars. At the same time, the slow backup software aside, there is little really 'bad' about it. CLON is a mediocre product that barely earns its 3-stars which the Amazon star translators decode as "it's OK". Since the backup software was CLON's worst feature, I uninstalled it as soon as my little benchmark backup completed. And, since I just happen to have a 320GB HDD on my PS3, I formatted the CLON for FAT32 (used FAT32FORMAT) and I am using it now to back up my PS3 - backing up the about 120GB of PS3 content completed in less than one third of the time it took NERO's BackItUp to finish my laptop's 80GB C: partition.	Clone your Life! The ultimate in ease, style and portability -- BrandXYZ CL?N hard drive is mega capacity and speed, and is about as big as a smart phone. The black, scuff resistant surface travels well and slips easily into your pocket or briefcase. Available in 250GB, 320GB and 500GB, CL?N stores everything from vital business data to tunes to photos. CL?N is powered by a USB cable and features a data transfer rate of 480Mb/s. For extra security Nero BackItUp software can be scheduled to perfo...
21801	Simple, Quick and stylish.	I wish life was as simple as Verbatim's new Clon Hard Drive. I picked up the 320 GB unit and as in tradition of Verbatim, the sleek design and style fits nicely with my studio. Shock-resistant technology that will protect my data when toting around and when my family grabs it off the desk, the black, scuff-resistant casing reduces fingerprints and scratches. Plus, it's easy to grab and hold onto with that coating. Performance is pure. (Both PC and Mac) Plug into USB port and go to work. NO EXTERNAL POWER SUPPLY NEEDED! That's the greatest feature for all my Verbatim drives--I don't have to lug around external power cords. Can fit in my pocket and transport just about anywhere. And this unit doesn't get hot after hours of use either. I am not an engineer but sez there's 5400 RPM and will transfer 480 mb per second when connected to USB 2.0 We feel the need for speed! Nero backup included to "back it up". I am happy with the consistency and performance of all my Verbatim drives. It's nice to find some consistency in life isn't it!	Clone your Life! The ultimate in ease, style and portability -- BrandXYZ CL?N hard drive is mega capacity and speed, and is about as big as a smart phone. The black, scuff resistant surface travels well and slips easily into your pocket or briefcase. Available in 250GB, 320GB and 500GB, CL?N stores everything from vital business data to tunes to photos. CL?N is powered by a USB cable and features a data transfer rate of 480Mb/s. For extra security Nero BackItUp software can be scheduled to perfo...
21802	Not speedy, maybe buggy	I just bought this today so the jury is still out; I may come back and revise. I bought this to be a very portable repository of VMWare machines that are just too big to reside on my laptop's hard drive. I copied a big one from the hard drive to this drive, and 28 GB took about 35 minutes on a USB 2.0 connection. Not terribly speedy (unless I remember my C-64 writing to Verbatim floppies back in the late 80's). It's listed as 5400RPM but I don't see any mention of an internal cache. That may explain why it can run off of USB power (it doesn't even have a port for an AC adapter). This is not an ideal drive for my use, but I knew that going in. I wanted something very portable and cheap. I was willing to sacrifice some performance. But later on I was experimenting and changed the extension name of a 15GB file. No problem. Then I tried to change it back and the drive light flashed for a solid ten minutes, but the file still wasn't renamed. I stopped all of the services that might have been referring to the renamed file but the problem remained; there was just no way I could rename it. I finally had to unplug the drive, plug it back in, delete the renamed file and then replace it. So the drive may be buggy. Not sure yet. It may have been that, for whatever reason, the initial renaming involved nothing more than updating an entry in the FAT table, but the second renaming for some reason was a kind of copy-and-then-rename operation. It came formatted as FAT32, which was no good for me (that means your largest file can be no larger than 4 GB), but a quick format to NTFS fixed that. The web site had easy instructions on how to do this and was helpful. The drive is tinier than tiny, makes no sound that I can detect, and doesn't get hot. I got a drive case that is almost too big for it, so there's plenty of room for the very short USB cable that comes with the drive. You may want to get a longer cable (one end has the "larger" style of mini-USB connector so don't assume that any old cable will do). If the renaming of very large files is the only problem I encounter I'll be reasonably happy. This is a huge drive in a very tiny package, very portable, and only cost maybe $25 more than drives of the same capacity that are three times its size and weight.	Clone your Life! The ultimate in ease, style and portability -- BrandXYZ CL?N hard drive is mega capacity and speed, and is about as big as a smart phone. The black, scuff resistant surface travels well and slips easily into your pocket or briefcase. Available in 250GB, 320GB and 500GB, CL?N stores everything from vital business data to tunes to photos. CL?N is powered by a USB cable and features a data transfer rate of 480Mb/s. For extra security Nero BackItUp software can be scheduled to perfo...
21803	Appropriate for Even A Novice User	Having been told for years the importance of backing up computer files with an external hard drive, the Verbatim CLON seemed to fit the task nicely. Featuring a sleek and slim design, the CLON's light weight seems to stand in stark contrast to its sturdy build. Despite not including any detailed instructions for usage (which is is standard protocol), this novice user was able to get past some initial issues with some trial and error. The Nero software took only a matter of minutes to install and was fairly easy to navigate through for the back up of various documents and picture files. The backing up of pictures caused some error messages to appear the first few attempts but started working eventually. The total elapsed time came to around 90 minutes for 13GB of data, with a status window giving detailed stats on the progress of the back up. The decision was made to not to back up whole drives as the purported hours required as documented by other users seemed unnecessary for now. Not to mention that most programs could be easily reinstalled in the event of a computer crash. Of course, this is subject to change depending on an excess of free time and desire to use the hard drive to its full capabilities. The 320GB storage space was more than ample for this reviewer's needs but this can vary greatly depending on one's computing specifications and the amount of data in need of back up. While initially priced high, Verbatim seems to have listed to customer complaints and dropped the price to a more reasonable level. Despite some bugs and lengthy installation times having been reported by other reviewers, this user found little to complain about with the Verbatim CLON and would recommend it highly.	Clone your Life! The ultimate in ease, style and portability -- BrandXYZ CL?N hard drive is mega capacity and speed, and is about as big as a smart phone. The black, scuff resistant surface travels well and slips easily into your pocket or briefcase. Available in 250GB, 320GB and 500GB, CL?N stores everything from vital business data to tunes to photos. CL?N is powered by a USB cable and features a data transfer rate of 480Mb/s. For extra security Nero BackItUp software can be scheduled to perfo...
3264	A good mold for all cases in the future	This is truly a well designed case. I like how well organized the compartments are. There are ties for all the cords. This not only eliminates the rats nest in your computer but also contributes to air flow. Currently this resides on the top of my desk. Very soon since it is a low profile flat case I am going to hang it under my desk. As a result I'll have monitor, keyboard, mouse, blueray drive on my desk. Nice clean, and clutter free.	The first desktop in BrandXYZs award winning Solution Series of enclosures has arrived. The NSK2480 Desktop case features a unique triple-chamber structure, designed to isolate the heat and noise produced by the power supply and hard drives, ensuring a quiete computing environment. Along with its exceptional ventilation and attractively understated styling, the NSK2480 also includes an 80 PLUS Certified EarthWatts 380 Watt ATX12Vv2.2 power supply with universal input and Active PFC, so you can p...
3265	Bigger Than It Says	This seemed like a decently designed case but my problem with it was more specific to my application. This case is pretty big. I needed a slim case to fit to fit in a shelf but this one was over a quarter of an inch taller than advertised. That was just enough to make a fit impossible without taking off the feet. You cant do this because this case vents on the bottom. I just wanted to put the warning out there. If you don't have at least 6 inches of height clearance this case wont work for you.	The first desktop in BrandXYZs award winning Solution Series of enclosures has arrived. The NSK2480 Desktop case features a unique triple-chamber structure, designed to isolate the heat and noise produced by the power supply and hard drives, ensuring a quiete computing environment. Along with its exceptional ventilation and attractively understated styling, the NSK2480 also includes an 80 PLUS Certified EarthWatts 380 Watt ATX12Vv2.2 power supply with universal input and Active PFC, so you can p...
21808	Nice fit and finish but overall average.	I have a number of external drives both full size and smaller portable ones that I've acquired over the past several years and this unit is as nice a size, build quality, and finish (more on that) as any I've got or seen. The drive shows up as a Samsung unit and I've had good luck with Samsung drives in the past. The total package comes under a decent name (Verbatim) in the storage media industry and the backup/clone software is Nero (a version of Backitup) not my first choice in that arena. The install was less than stellar (Windows XP, Windows Vista) with a couple of install warnings (which I ignored, when does Windows not complain during in an install?) otherwise it was pretty straight-forward on both OS's. Setup was easy, and a basic backup and a drive clone were run. Frankly, it was a bit slow in both cases but not extremely so - I give it a performance 'average'. I did like that the Nero software doesn't seem to mind what you use as backup media - haven't checked that out yet but if so, its a nice feature as the Maxtor Mini 4 I've been using to clone is very restrictive. A clone restore requires a bootable disc (you have to make it) to be functional in a restore situation. I didn't restore the clone on the Vista machine, but the XP version went just fine. What I do like about this unit is the build quality (like a Honda automobile it just feels solid and well built). The finish is 'finger print' resistant and it works just fine. I have a Western Digital drive that is all shiny and pretty until you handle it for a couple of seconds - then its all smudged. Another plus for me is the single USB port requirement - the Maxtor requires 2 ports (though I've used it with only one). The drive is quiet and the capacity (while not at the current 'sweet spot') isn't bad, the 320 gigs I recieved is sufficient for most purposes. At the listed price of $99.00 you can do better overall. I'd call it a good buy at around $80 as of this writing. Unless solid state drives get cheaper than dirt.	Clone your Life! The ultimate in ease, style and portability -- BrandXYZ CL?N hard drive is mega capacity and speed, and is about as big as a smart phone. The black, scuff resistant surface travels well and slips easily into your pocket or briefcase. Available in 250GB, 320GB and 500GB, CL?N stores everything from vital business data to tunes to photos. CL?N is powered by a USB cable and features a data transfer rate of 480Mb/s. For extra security Nero BackItUp software can be scheduled to perfo...
21809	An Excellent Portable USB Hard Drive	This is a very well-made product and its price is lower than that of most of its competition. In addition its warranty coverage is much longer than most. When I received this product I was immediately struck by its excellent packaging and attractive design. The unit itself is slightly smaller than other external hard drives I own (this one for instance) and easily fits in a shirt pocket. Its finish is unusual in that it is matte black. Fingerprints will not show up anywhere nearly as easily as they do on those drives with glossy finishes. It is packed with a single cord of suitable length which doubles as the power supply and the data transfer cable. It is a standard "regular" USB plug to USB mini-plug (so, if lost or damaged, it is easily replaceable). I attached it to my computer and it was instantly recognized. Now I'm sure you're saying "what's so great about that?" Well, for one thing, I do not use either Microsoft Windows or Apple Mac as my operating system; I use Ubuntu Linux and this drive is not "certified" to work with Linux - but it most certainly does! Obviously it will work with any computer to which you wish to connect it. This drive also comes with a three-year [limited] warranty; this is highly unusual these days. My Western Digital models come with only a one-year warranty. As I use Ubuntu Linux, I have no need for the backup programs which come with this drive so I deleted them. Therefore I cannot comment as to how well they work with Windows (or Mac). I expect, however, that the programs will do what they say they will do. However, I'll have to leave comments on that aspect to other reviewers. Continuing on, I'd like to say that I am very pleased with this Verbatim product. In addition I found their web site to be well-organized and easy to navigate. (I like to download as much information about products I own as is available - and this site had all I wanted!) No one can comment on a product's longevity until one has owned it for some length of time. But the heft and feel of this product augurs well, in my opinion. I had not been familiar with any Verbatim product until I got this one - but I am impressed. Of course, these products are really "commodities" with little difference between them. But in view of the fact that it carries a three-year warranty (and Amazon's price is certainly "right"), I can highly recommend this external hard drive. In any future purchases of such computer adjuncts, I shall surely consider Verbatim products.	Clone your Life! The ultimate in ease, style and portability -- BrandXYZ CL?N hard drive is mega capacity and speed, and is about as big as a smart phone. The black, scuff resistant surface travels well and slips easily into your pocket or briefcase. Available in 250GB, 320GB and 500GB, CL?N stores everything from vital business data to tunes to photos. CL?N is powered by a USB cable and features a data transfer rate of 480Mb/s. For extra security Nero BackItUp software can be scheduled to perfo...
21810	Excellent Portable HD	I've been using this to backup my files at work. Durable, dependable, and easy to use. Just plug-in and play. THe software that came with is not too difficult to use. The backup process of about 30 gigs took about little more than an hour. The backup software allows you to choose to compress and encrypt the files that you're backing up.	Clone your Life! The ultimate in ease, style and portability -- BrandXYZ CL?N hard drive is mega capacity and speed, and is about as big as a smart phone. The black, scuff resistant surface travels well and slips easily into your pocket or briefcase. Available in 250GB, 320GB and 500GB, CL?N stores everything from vital business data to tunes to photos. CL?N is powered by a USB cable and features a data transfer rate of 480Mb/s. For extra security Nero BackItUp software can be scheduled to perfo...
21811	Awesome (and very unique) camera	As soon as I saw this red camera, I absolutely had to have it. I did tremendous amounts of research to figure out if it was actually worth upgrading from my D40, then ordered it the day it became available on Amazon. While a few things might have been nicer on the Nikon, this camera is a wonderful upgrade. If the color isn't enough (this is for the red model if reviews become merged later on), it has some very nice specs to it. Ability to use essentially any Pentax lens ever made (and auto-focus), ISO 6400, 1/6000 shutter, many built-in imaging features(HDR, filters, color tweaks). This thing is truly a beast! Body; When I first pulled it from the box, I was a little discouraged. While it is a well made camera, it does have a much lighter and cheaper feel than the Nikon had. The over-all fit and finish is fine, but the plastics don't feel as high quality. Perhaps it's because they're smooth, but it's also just my opinion. A slight concern, too, is that the red appears to be "painted", seeing as the inside of the doors are white. Overtime there's a chance the color could rub off, but I'm hoping this does not happen. Materials aside, the camera does have a nice feel. I have large hands with very long, slim fingers and the grip fits my hands great. The primary controls are within easy reach, with only a couple odd deviations(such as the flash and green soft-button). The LCD on the back is average. It's your typical resolution, but works fine for previewing. Now the viewfinder I find to be more difficult to use than the Nikon. The focal point does not illuminate, making it both difficult to find and difficult to tell what's being focused. Also I can't seem to see all the specs in the viewfinder. I do wear glasses so I can't press my eye right against the eyepiece, but this wasn't a problem with the Nikon. While this certainly isn't a deal killer, it would be something to keep in mind. Shooting performance is great. This camera is very fast. Start up time is essentially instant, focusing is lightning fast and it can take nearly 6FPS at it's peak. I have found low-light focusing to be a little worse than the Nikon, but that's also because the Pentax lacks an AF assist light. While it can use the flash, it still isn't quite as accurate as the Nikon and it's little light. Image quality is very nice. Noise is well controlled under most all ISO settings. ISO6400 is very usable in average lighting conditions. But as light decreases, noise becomes more apparent. Many images from this camera do seem a bit more noisy than other cameras at similar ISO settings, but it still can produce comparable prints. Colors tend to be on the flat side using default settings, but with insane amounts of tweaks, this can be changed to whatever you please. White balance is managed very nicely too, with much better auto WB under incandescent lighting than the Nikon (though manual setting is still the best). The stabilizer works well. It's not as apparent when taking casual shots, but when using liveview, it is very easy to watch (and hear!) it working. While still on image quality, the movie mode actually astonished me. The quality is very sharp. While this is not a movie camera, the videos produced are supurb. Just realize AF is disabled and the stabilizer does interfere with the audio. Honest, I suppose my only real complaint about this camera are the batteries. Why Pentax decided to go with AA's rather than a lithium pack is beyond me... Aside from being a bit clunky (4 batteries over a single pack) the system is rather buggy. I have been told the "batteries are depleted" but then restart the camera and continue to shoot for hours. Even after upgrading to firmware 1.1, the battery meter tends to jump around. If Pentax had gone with a lithium pack, this camera would be perfect 5 stars. So to sum up, if you want a camera somewhere between the Nikon D90 and D5000 that strays away from the "normal" brands, this is a camera to consider.	BrandXYZ K-x 12.4 MP Digital SLR with 2.7-inch LCD and 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AL Lens (red). The BrandXYZ K-x offers high-end features including Live View, HD video and photographic performance that challenges higher models. Since there?s no rule that SLR cameras must come in one color, try the K-x in a choice of white or black, as well as special, limited edition red and navy. With a one-handed shooting d
21812	Best (and only) Red DSLR	I just got mine this week and have not yet had time to learn how to use all the features but can make some comments immediately on preliminary inspection: 1. I like the build quality better than comparable Canon or Nikon models. The Pentax seems to have a metal body and has a solid feel while others feel more like plastic. 2. The Pentax feels better in my hand and is better adapted to one handed shooting because in front the grip widens just above your ring finger to keep the camera from moving downward and in back there is a gentle ridge on the right hand edge of the camera to rest against your thumb and keep the camera from rotating out of your hand. These features demonstrate carefuk ergonomic design and just plain make the camera easier to hold one handed. I recall nothing similar on other cameras I've tried or own. 3. It's red. It's my xmas present to myself and I find this appropriately festive. Further, it should make it easier to find in the clutter. The paint job is not glossy and has a good coefficient of friction, enhancing the ability to hold the camera securely. 4. The shutter release button auto-focuses before the shot with very little pressure and little or no perceptible motion. Final shutter release is accompanied by perceptible tactile feedback. Cameras from other makers take quite a bit more pressure to autofocus which may result in occasional accidental shutter release. 5. The full auto mode is adequate for producing decent pictures in a variety of situations. One doesn't need to learn all the specialized tricks and features right away. 6. The camera insists on asking me what language I speak every time it is turned on. I realize one camera might have several users but I find this inconvenient. Maybe there is something somewhere in the settings which will suppress it. 7. The Canon software I am used to using to download and organize photos doesn't seem to work with this Pentax. That's bad software design and I suspect the blame lies at Canon's door. Generic MS Windows software works OK for transferring files. As I write there are no other reviews of this red KX; I suggest reading reviews of the black model for further info.	BrandXYZ K-x 12.4 MP Digital SLR with 2.7-inch LCD and 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AL Lens (red). The BrandXYZ K-x offers high-end features including Live View, HD video and photographic performance that challenges higher models. Since there?s no rule that SLR cameras must come in one color, try the K-x in a choice of white or black, as well as special, limited edition red and navy. With a one-handed shooting d
21814	Great HDMI Box with a FREE CABLE!!	I have the Konnet TuneHD HDMI box and am very pleased with it. Great construction and suprisingly small which was critical for me as I didn't have a lot of space. I just saw that they now have the HDMI boxes with FREE HDMI cables. That is an awesome deal. I have been very impressed with the Konnet products and now they just sweetened the pot. Very cool.	BrandXYZ's TuneHD 410 with bonus FidelityHD 150 HDMI cable allows you have the HDMI experience in one package. TuneHD 410 enables you to switch between 4 HDMI sources (e.g. DVD players, Blue-ray Disc players, video game consoles, computers, set top box, etc.) and your Hi Definition TV or monitor. It is HDMI Rev 1.3 compatible and works with HDMI or DVI-D, HDCP-enabled HDTV. It supports 480i/p, 720i/p and 1080i/p. A remote control is included. The bonus 1.5M FidelityHD 150 HDMI CAT 2 fully shield...
21928	Terrific Netbook	Note: I use computers for my work but don't pay much attention to details about them. I'm sometimes willfully ignorant of the details of my work computers, so this review (for better or worse) will not be a super technical one focusing on specifications and related details. I wanted a simple computer to use outside of work, and that's what I got here. I received this Dell Netbook a few days ago and wanted to share my initial impressions of it. I do a great deal of writing for my job and need to have frequent email access. I have a Dell Notebook but find that it's a bit of a hassle hauling it around anywhere, so it ends up staying at home most of the time. When I saw this Dell's Netbook on sale, I thought it might be ideal for my needs. In particular, I wanted something very lightweight that would allow me to access the web, answer email, access PDF documents, and edit documents. This Dell does all that and much more. My job buys all my computers (the last computer I purchased myself was a Commodore 64 when I was a kid!), so I was a bit nervous purchasing it. I checked out reviews here and elsewhere and they seemed to indicate that the Dell Netbook would work well for my needs. However, I was concerned by some accounts of netbooks being slower than laptops and having many of other deficits. Fortunately, my concerns were unfounded (it isn`t slow and I have low needs for extensive computer memory anyway). I've never had to unpack a computer before (the IT people at my job have that honor), but it couldn't have been easier. I was literally using my new Netbook within minutes. Everything was preloaded and ready for use. I was hoping that it would come with Microsoft Word, but it instead includes Microsoft Works Word Processor, which I`d never used before. When I tried to open a Word document from my email, I was prompted to download Word Viewer. The two programs are compatible, but it is a bit of a hassle converting documents back and forth. Otherwise, I'm extremely pleased with my purchase. The Netbook is not slow in accessing the net even with numerous programs open at the same time. It is super lightweight -- not much bigger or heavier than a large hardback book. The battery in the back does stick out a bit, although that actually helps make it more stable on a flat surface. Even straight out of the box, the battery lasted well over 5 hours. Other features include a webcam, adobe, media player, explorer -- all the standard items you'd expect. As I mentioned, I don't pay much attention to computer specifications and whether it has this feature or not. I simply don't use my computers for anything too complicated. However, for what I need, this Dell Netbook more than exceeds my expectations. The Netbook's portability make it ideal for carrying it around and travel. I think it would also be a great starter computer for kids and teens.	The Mini 10 is everything you want in a mobile companion and more. It may be small, but you?ll be surprised by all the fun features packed inside. Be productive with a keyboard 92 percentage the size of a traditional laptop keyboard. Enjoy a beautiful view with a seamless display surface1 and 16:9 aspect ratio. And stay connected with advanced wireless options. You can also view high-def TV with the included digital TV tuner. *Based on BrandXYZ Lab testing. Battery life varies by configuration, ...
21930	Decent Little Monkey	I got this in the cyber monday lightning deal that went sold out in a few seconds and let me say that I wouldn't have been too disappointed if I had missed the deal now that I got this thing on my hand for a few days. First of all the screen is a bit too small for my taste and I didn't realize until after the purchase that amazon was selling the 1024x600 version not the 720p version that has been in most review. Second, the Windows 7 is slow, which is nothing new, but apparently I had expected a responsiveness closer to a smart phone, and Windows smart phone is not at all that fast by the way. I have a great suspicion that 2GB memory instead of the non-upgradeable 1GB could have made a great deal of difference in this manner. However, a mixed curse with Windows 7 Starter will limit the number of applications open at a time to total of 3 so 1GB is probably never going to be a problem just because of this self-imposed crippling of the OS. In this respect to the non-upgradeable memory, running full-blown WindowsXP is probably going to shoot you in the foot more than the Windows7 Starter. But on the good part the TV reception is great and the software works, albeit slow to respond in changing channels. Youtube video runs smoothly but since the screen is so short I found myself having to go full screen most of the time instead of watching within the window. The shortness of the screen also makes most of the real estate consumed by the toolbars in the browser to be very annoying, except for Chrome which barely has anything on the top. I guess if I had laid my hand on this item before I purchased it I wouldn't have been too eager to click on the lightning deal, but for the price I don't think I could claim it as a terribly poor machine although I would gladly spring another $100 for the larger resolution and 2GB memory and then it would be just perfect. For now, this is great as a quick companion for emergency use on the road when the regular laptop is just a bit too much hassle to lug around.	The Mini 10 is everything you want in a mobile companion and more. It may be small, but you?ll be surprised by all the fun features packed inside. Be productive with a keyboard 92 percentage the size of a traditional laptop keyboard. Enjoy a beautiful view with a seamless display surface1 and 16:9 aspect ratio. And stay connected with advanced wireless options. You can also view high-def TV with the included digital TV tuner. *Based on BrandXYZ Lab testing. Battery life varies by configuration, ...
9818	Pen but NOT Ink cartridge for international shipping	Amazingly the Smartpen, Notebook and leather case are available for international shipping (Europe) but not the Ink cartridges. This force me to not order this cool device. So unfortunate and surprising. Remi *** We're sorry. This item can't be shipped to your selected destination. You may either change the shipping address or delete the item from your order by changing its quantity to 0 and clicking the update button below. (See geographical restrictions.) ***	Four Medium Blue and one Red cartridge to refills for your BrandXYZ Pulse Smartpen.
9823	Great Product!	This is awesome - requires minimal setup, automatically locates wireless networks, allows manual SSID entry, supports Open, WEP, WPA and WPA2 security. It has a good range, uploads fast (4 seconds for 2MB photos). Works great for batched photos. It automatically creates subfolders labeled by date of upload within the configured folder on the destination PC. One drawback is that it requires registration on their domain in order to perform the setup. It looks like the SD card becomes registered to a single user account on the Eye-Fi website. This can be changed by the user that performs the initial setup.	The BrandXYZ Home wirelessly connects to your home Wi-Fi network and uploads your pictures automatically. When your computer is turned on, the Card delivers your pictures to the assigned folder on your computer or directly into iPhoto.
21931	In defense of the Dell's track pad	Even though I have been playing with my Dell Mini 10 for less than a week I feel compelled to address an issue that seems to be a universal concern: the track pad. Reviewers' complaints are unanimous: the track pad "sucks." Well, let me say out front, I love the Dell's track pad so much so that I programmed the track pad on my MacBook to behave in the same way. First, the buttons on the Dell track pad are not meant to be used; they are there just for show. The way to activate the function of the left button is to point the cursor where ever you want it and tap once with one finger. A double tap will grab a selection. By default the selection is released when you lift the finger but you can change that in the tack pad behavior utility. I recommend that the grab release be changed to a tap rather than the default lift. The two fingers scrolling is a standard feature of the MacBook and works really well on the Dell too. I disabled all the other gesture possibilities like zoom and rotate as I will probably never use them. I can always turn them back on an as-needed basis once I become more familiar with the proper functioning of the track pad. Now for the other features: The Dell's Z530 processor is slightly slower than the N280 on my wife's Toshiba NB205 which is the machine I am able to compare to. I got the Dell rather than the Toshiba for the TV tuner and the HDMI output. The tuner is a bit of a disappointment as it does not tune all the stations available in my area. But let's not dwell on that, it is a problem I will try to solve in the next few weeks. Watching TV is not my top priority. The HDMI connection is very handy to plug the Dell in my HDTV and stream movies from Netflix without any problem. While the Z530 is a little slower than the N280 the Dell's graphic chipset is slightly faster than the Toshiba's and keeps up with the movie steam with few hicups (it is difficult to determine if the few lock ups are due to the network, wireless connection, or processor). And the wireless connection to my Airport Mini is flawless. As far as external appearances the Toshiba beats the Dell hands down. The Dell is nice looking but the glossy black housing will never be clean once you touch it. The Toshiba has a ribbed surface that does not show fingerprints at all. Over all the aesthetic of the Toshiba is just better thought out. The keyboard feel and layout of the Dell are perfectly fine. Now if only Windows 7 was more like OSX the Dell Mini 10 would be close to a perfect system.	The Mini 10 is everything you want in a mobile companion and more. It may be small, but you?ll be surprised by all the fun features packed inside. Be productive with a keyboard 92 percentage the size of a traditional laptop keyboard. Enjoy a beautiful view with a seamless display surface1 and 16:9 aspect ratio. And stay connected with advanced wireless options. You can also view high-def TV with the included digital TV tuner. *Based on BrandXYZ Lab testing. Battery life varies by configuration, ...
21932	Great Netbook	I purchased this Dell during a lightening deal special. I had researched netbooks, and have purchased many laptops along with my recent Macbook purchase. The Windows 7 operating system is great. This Mini-10 came with a surprise Digital TV. I had read the specs and made the purchase believing it wasn't in the package. It is a fun addition. I loaded Microsoft Office 2007 and found that the netbook I bought for my husband for internet and email use, is also going to be a handy productive tool. The keyboard size and screen is good, not too small. I love it and look forward to giving it as a gift. Great price - I have searched and checked including Dell's specials. It can't be beat at the $299 price. I would even have made the purchase at the post holiday $349 price. It will be great for reading ebooks as well.	The Mini 10 is everything you want in a mobile companion and more. It may be small, but you?ll be surprised by all the fun features packed inside. Be productive with a keyboard 92 percentage the size of a traditional laptop keyboard. Enjoy a beautiful view with a seamless display surface1 and 16:9 aspect ratio. And stay connected with advanced wireless options. You can also view high-def TV with the included digital TV tuner. *Based on BrandXYZ Lab testing. Battery life varies by configuration, ...
21934	Mini Dell Laptop	I am simply loving this laptop. I got this in Lightning deal on Thanksgiving 2009 and was of great price. Windows 7 starter OS, Great Looks and off-course 6 cell battery.	The Mini 10 is everything you want in a mobile companion and more. It may be small, but you?ll be surprised by all the fun features packed inside. Be productive with a keyboard 92 percentage the size of a traditional laptop keyboard. Enjoy a beautiful view with a seamless display surface1 and 16:9 aspect ratio. And stay connected with advanced wireless options. You can also view high-def TV with the included digital TV tuner. *Based on BrandXYZ Lab testing. Battery life varies by configuration, ...
21937	Inspiron 1010	I just got my dell mini 10 today. paid price $299. was it worth it? no. this is inspiron 1010, you cannot upgrade the ram.	The Mini 10 is everything you want in a mobile companion and more. It may be small, but you?ll be surprised by all the fun features packed inside. Be productive with a keyboard 92 percentage the size of a traditional laptop keyboard. Enjoy a beautiful view with a seamless display surface1 and 16:9 aspect ratio. And stay connected with advanced wireless options. You can also view high-def TV with the included digital TV tuner. *Based on BrandXYZ Lab testing. Battery life varies by configuration, ...
21938	Do not hesitate on Lightening Deals!	I was right there clicking on the spot where the "Add To Cart" button would appear and I got it and paid for it immediately. It arrived on my doorstep 36 hours later! I inspected it upon delivery and it is exactly as advertised. My son will be very pleased on Christmas morning. A tremendous deal and thankful for Amazon. In fact, spent about another $1000 at Amazon yesterday buying gifts for immediate and extended family. In fact, I got 3 different Lightening Deals that all sold out almost immediately. Those who aren't getting the good Lightening Deals, work on your technique! Regards, Loyal and Frequent Amazon Customer	The Mini 10 is everything you want in a mobile companion and more. It may be small, but you?ll be surprised by all the fun features packed inside. Be productive with a keyboard 92 percentage the size of a traditional laptop keyboard. Enjoy a beautiful view with a seamless display surface1 and 16:9 aspect ratio. And stay connected with advanced wireless options. You can also view high-def TV with the included digital TV tuner. *Based on BrandXYZ Lab testing. Battery life varies by configuration, ...
21955	A valuable Macbook Air (1st gen.) upgrade	I just replaced my original, constantly clicking, HDD drive with this Active Media Products 64GB 1.8-inch PATA ZIF SSD in my Macbook Air (1st generation) a few days ago and am happy with the results. Now I have a lithe, quiet-running, durable mobile laptop. The manufacturer claim 80MB/sec Read, 38MB/sec Write speeds for sequential memory access which is well above the benchmarks found in 3rd party tests on Apples original SSD drive of up to 49MB/sec Read and 9MB/sec Write speeds: [...] I am not able to verify the alleged improvement over the original SSD, however, I perceive an all around faster performance over my replaced HDD. Of course you will need to install the SSD drive yourself--a process that will take the patience and nerve of a brain surgeon, as the guts of the MBA are packed dainty and tight. See Fixit's "Macbook Air Hard Drive Replacement" instructions (hard to find but they are there). Also, note that as far as I know, this drive will only replace the drives in the first generation Macbook Air.	SaberTooth SSDs are custom engineered to deliver breath-taking performance as netbook upgrades. The SaberTooth-ZX is a 1.8-inch SSD with parallel ATA (PATA / IDE) ZIF interface, and is compatible with most netbooks that use 1.8" PATA ZIF hard drives. SaberTooth ZX, in a slim 5mm case, is offered in 32GB and 64GB capacities. It is one of the fastest and easiest ways to upgrade MacBook? Air, HP Inspiron? Mini 12, select models of Sony? Vaio and dozens of other mini netbooks to higher performance a...
21957	Not perfect, but it's everything you'd expect and then some	I've been using mine for a couple days now. After taking 20 minutes to get the thing out of the shrink wrap it came in, setup was easy, seeing as how there's only one plug for the entire thing. Windows 7 setup was quick, and the semi-interactive tutorial showed what you can do with the few touch programs that came pre-installed. The screen looks and works great. The screen is pretty responsive as long as you're not trying to fling your finger across the screen as fast as you can. It only registers two touch points at one time, which was a little bit of a letdown, but I like to think better multi-touch support could come in a driver update some time in the future. Performance has been great so far. I haven't run Crysis or anything demanding on it yet, but from what I've read in professional reviews, it'll handle graphically intense applications just fine unless you demand the highest possible quality out of your games. The bundled wireless keyboard and mouse seem to work alright, with no problems so far. The main thing other reviews knock this system for is the exclusion of a Blu-ray player. The screen is 1920x1080 and 23 inches, but most people won't see a difference between a normal DVD and Blu-ray disc unless the screen was much larger, so I don't see much of a problem there. I'm trying to get used to the act of touching the screen, but a mouse sometimes proves more useful when precision is required. The main problems I've seen so far are the loud beep every time you turn the system on (which isn't a major problem, I know), and the two hard drives. The drives themselves work fine, but Gateway has everything pre-installed on the 64GB Solid State drive, which leaves only 10GB by the time you'll get your hands on it. I'm still trying to figure out what's important and what can be deleted from that drive. Another problem I've encountered is the inability to choose where programs are installed to. When installing Avira Antivirus, it automatically installed to the small C: drive. When installing another program, I specified installation to the 1TB D: drive, but many components of the program still ended up on the C: drive. I understand that many programs will have to be installed on the same hard drive as the operating system, which is where the small size of the Solid State drive proves to be a hindrance. Aside from this, there's nothing wrong with the system; I just have to get used to Windows 7 after using XP for so long.	The BrandXYZ One ZX6810 features easy to use touch screen technology, a TV tuner, eye-catching style and amazing entertainment and media sharing at your fingertips. This slim and attractive all-in-one design is space saving, easy to use and perfect in any home or office, providing interactive computing, enhanced media sharing with social networks and stunning HD entertainment. 64GB Solid State Drive 23 Full HD Widescreen Ultrabright LCD (1920 x 1080 resolution - Integrated Windows 7 compliant mu...
21961	Best Blue Tooth Headset I've Ever Used.	I have used 4 blue tooth headsets since I have been using blue tooth enabled phones. One plantronics, two motorola, and the Jawbone. The plantronics was ok and my first (I didn't have anything to compare to). Both motorolas were just horrible. The jawbone did not deliver at all as promised and was the most expensive out at the time. I think it was worse than the motorolas just because of the hype about how awesome it was. I just recieved my BlueAnt Q1 today and have used it so much I had to charge it. It is really fanstastic. I was reluctant to try another blue tooth headset with my track record, but I went for it. Man, I am so pleased. One friend I talked to wanted to know where I got it because on his end, our conversation was perfect. I even talked to him outside while my neighbor was blowing leaves, and he didn't hear it until I pointed it out. Even then, he said it was barely audible. I finally feel like I got a product I can use that didn't over hype itself. I don't mind paying for a product that delivers. This one does. I will be recommending to everyone. I have to say the voice commands take some getting used to, but you can use it easily right out of the box.	The revolutionary BrandXYZ Q1 Bluetooth Headset is Voice Controlled with Multipoint that takes Bluetooth headsets to the next level of comfort and handsfree experience. The BrandXYZ Q1 uses advanced Voice Recognition software to allow you to easily control the headset and many phone functions just by using your voice. That's right: talk to it and it will talk to you.
21968	Better Privacy filter than previous version; Reflective screen makes it hard to work under bright light	Pros: * Big Improvement over previous version: - Contrast and clarity - Narrower viewing angle ( > 45 degree) - Provide more privacy in various environment (dark/bright) Cons: * Makes your screen reflective; need sometime to get used to * still can see your screen when the others are viewing 45 degree * pricey I purchased this privacy filter on my work laptop. This Gold version works much better than the previous version from 3M. It works as advertised. The improvements include providing better contrast, clearer text and privacy. Previously, you can still see the window frame on your screen and people can kinda know which application you are working with. With this new version, it blocks much better and provides you more privacy. However, it's still not perfect. I found that the reflective screen provided with this filter is a love-and-hate situation for me. It makes your screen looks like a glass screen somehow. I am getting used to it now after using it for a week and starting to like it as it feels clearer on text and images. The viewing angle can still be improved. Also, from a 45 degree angle, you can see almost one-third or half of the screen clearly 3M did a good job on this new version. Hope they can come up with something better in the near future to improve the viewing angle and ability to completely block the others not viewing in front of the screen.	GPF12.1W fits widescreen Notebook computers with a diagonally measured 12.1" viewable screen; actual filter dimensions are 6.46" high x 10.29" wide. This filter is designed for widescreen laptop computers with screens that appear more rectangular than square. BrandXYZ(TM) Gold Privacy filters provide twice the level of effective privacy protection and 14% higher clarity than standard black out privacy filters. User sees more clearly than ever while on-lookers see nothing but a vibrant golden scr...
21969	Limited DVR functionality and versatility.	Summary: This product is best thought of as an Archos media tablet docking station. It provides the tablet device with power and external connectors, and not much else. As long as that is all you need, it performs that function well when mated to the associated Archos media tablet. Caution: Bridge Out Ahead.... The biggest issue that most people will have with the DVR Station is the way it is connected into the typical entertainment system. Their connection guide shows this as a bridge device in-between a video source (like a satellite receiver) and the TV. The trouble with this approach is that there is no video pass-through functionality when the installed tablet is powered down or removed. This will pose a major problem for multi-person households where one person might want to watch some video programming while their housemate has the tablet elsewhere. This was the major show-stopper in our household. The only way around this limitation is to invest in additional electronic HW (like a multi-output AV receiver) so that the video source can be split/shared between the TV and the media tablet. This Is Not Your Father's DVR... (The rest of this pertains more to the Archos 5 Internet Tablet than the DVR Station, but, since you wouldn't be buying the DVR Station unless you wanted to take advantage of the DVR functions of the tablet, it is pertinent data.) The details around the "DVR" functionality of the Archos 5 Internet Tablet combined with this device are sketchy at best. While the combination does meet the definition of a Digital Video Recorder in that it "records video in a digital format to a disk drive or other memory medium within a device", you should not expect much more functionality than that (time-shifted viewing being the biggest missing DVR-like feature). My tablet with nothing added but the latest, up-to-date FW fixes could not even handle recording in 4:3 mode without serious video stutter/jitter. I was able to get a reasonably smooth video recorded if I put it into 16:9 mode, but this tended to chop off the top and bottom of most programming as my satellite receiver is still producing 4:3 content. This really put a crimp on the hockey game I was experimenting with as you could no longer see the scores and game info at the top of the screen. This combination is definitely a non-starter for those of us that haven't made the jump to HD cable/satellite content. Overall: The DVR Station might make a good addition for someone that has extra video outputs to play with, has all of their content in 16:9 format, and is willing to live with a "jiggle the handle" approach to video recording until the kinks get sorted out, but, for the rest of us, it's "Buyer Beware".	Turn your BrandXYZ Internet Tablet into a Digital Video Recorder; The DVR Station is the perfect bridge between your TV and your BrandXYZ 5, BrandXYZ 5 Internet Tablet or BrandXYZ 7: record your TV programs and turn your TV into a real multimedia platform connected to the Web. Just insert your BrandXYZ into the DVR Station and enjoy all the functions of your BrandXYZ tablet on your home TV.
3509	Panamax MFP-300 is just okay	I bought the Panamax-300 hoping it would clean-up the power transients that I have in my household. The Panamax cleaned the power up some but not enough to cure the problems my AV equipment is having with the line power. I'm trying Isolation Transformers Next.	Improves picture and sound quality. The MFP-300 Power Cleaning and Premium Filtration eliminate common symptoms of contaminated power (including loss of detail, pops, hisses, hums and visual artifacts) and allows your A/V equipment to perform up to its full capability. Surge protection: BrandXYZ exclusive Protect or Disconnect circuitry. In the event of a catastrophic surge such as lightning, it completely disconnects AC power to connected equipment.
3640	How is this thing so much less expensive...	I paid $25, screwed it to the wall, screwed the brackets to the back of my 42" panasonic plasma and hung it on the wall. It took about 10 minutes and I haven't had a single problem with it. I've seen similar tilt wall mounts for sale for 50 or even a hundred bucks and I just can't imagine why anyone would pay that. I admit I was a little concerned about the build quality, I mean if it were to fail, that's a lot of money crashing to the ground. But the truth is, if you use a stud finder and screw it to a stud, this things not going anywhere. One of the best purchases I've made on amazon. As I add more flat panels, I'll buy more cheetah mounts.	The BrandXYZ Mounts APTMMB Tilt Wall Mount offers a 0-15 degrees of tilt while maintaining a slim 1.9" profile in the flat position. Weight Capacity 160lbs Supports hole patterns up to 28" (711mm) wide by 19" (483mm) tall. The universal design fits virtually any 32-55" Plasma or LCD TV, including all of the top brands such as Sony, Panasonic, Pioneer, Samsung, etc. A 6" magnetic bubble level is inclded as a free accessory. Additionally, the wall plate includes a built in bubble level. Mounting h...
3641	ehh	I dont know about the product because i didnt open it yet. All i know is that the seller is not responsible, ive waited over 3 weeks for the product (2 weeks too long) but when i wanted to return it, they didnt respond to my e-mails so now i'm stuck with something i dont need. Thanx a lot cheetah!	The BrandXYZ Mounts APTMMB Tilt Wall Mount offers a 0-15 degrees of tilt while maintaining a slim 1.9" profile in the flat position. Weight Capacity 160lbs Supports hole patterns up to 28" (711mm) wide by 19" (483mm) tall. The universal design fits virtually any 32-55" Plasma or LCD TV, including all of the top brands such as Sony, Panasonic, Pioneer, Samsung, etc. A 6" magnetic bubble level is inclded as a free accessory. Additionally, the wall plate includes a built in bubble level. Mounting h...
21996	Incredible power, itty bitty little living space	Zvox now has three of these low profile "z base" speaker systems in its lineup -- the 525 (which is the smallest and least expensive), the 550 (the original model), and the more massive 575 (which is called the "Incredibase"). I wanted something as small and unobtrusive as possible to provide sound with a 40 inch LCD HDTV in a moderate sized bedroom or office space and I wanted solid, natural sound for watching movies. I bought this model, the 525, after reading consistently glowing reviews of the original and slightly larger 550. The cabinet is a tad over three inches high, 24 inches wide and 12 inches deep. It is well finished and solid. The end panels are a piano black lacquer that looks very attractive if you have your HDTV on an open stand with three sides of the Zvox exposed. Yes, you can indeed stand your HDTV right on top of the Zvox. The shipping box comes with a warning sticker that says not to put anything on top of the Zvox that is wider or deeper than the Zvox cabinet itself. However, the specs also say it will support up to 70 pounds. I contacted Zvox directly and asked whether I could use the 525 as a base for my 40 pound, 40 inch Sony XBR9, which is about 36 inches wide. Zvox advised that so long as the pedestal footprint is smaller than the Zvox cabinet and the unit weighs less than the limit, it is fine. Obviously the warning was written by the lawyers, not by the sales and technical staff. Nevertheless, I would not be comfortable going with anything larger than a 40 inch (diagonal) 16:9 flat panel with this unit and would step up to the larger Zvox models for bigger screens. With an HDTV perched atop it, this unit virtually disappears. All you will see from the front is a matte, charcoal grey mesh grille and, with the power on, a small blue LED that lurks behind the grille. Hooking this up is a snap. You can run the analog output from your CD, DVD, blu-ray, iPod/iPhone or HDTV directly into the two channel RCA plugs in the back; then plug the power in; and then you're off and running. No muss, no fuss. There is a tiny and simple to operate remote, which controls power (on/off), volume, subwoofer, treble and "phase cue" levels (these latter have "+/-" controls). One drawback -- there is no on-screen display for the level controls. Instead, with each 'step' in the levels, which appear to run over a ten step scale, the blue LED flashes to let you know you have made a change with each step up or down. Once you get the hang of it, not a problem. Now for the sound. Well, you won't mistake this for a $5,000 sound system. No surprise there. However, you will get amazingly potent, natural, well balanced, rich and detailed sound that is somewhat mind boggling given the modest price and size of the Zvox 525. You can even shake the walls and windows a bit if you wish. We watched "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" with the Zvox cranked up. When Dumbledore and Voldemort are going at it, you will completely forget that the wall of sound -- the shattering glass, crackling electricity and rolling thunder -- is coming out of this little box. You won't hear the 525 straining under the load. The highs are crisp and glistening. The bass is taut, without boominess, and while not terrifically deep, it is quite natural. Unless you're one of those folks who needs to feel the low end in the pit of your stomach, you will find it quite satisfying. The ersatz surround sound from the "phase cue" system isn't a substitute for front and rear speakers, but it does make the sound seem to come from a reasonably broad and deep sound stage, not a slender box three inches high by two feet wide. I've tried fiddling with the "phase cue" control and honestly don't perceive a great variation from phase cue on full and turned all the way down, other than a bit of unusual "reverb" that seems to occur with the control turned up. In short, there is no really directional "surround," but there is a very spacious sound. For the price of admission, the Zvox 525 delivers quality construction, elegant design and ample listening pleasure. I wholeheartedly recommend it. As this is a newly released model and has not been available from Amazon until now, I bought directly from Zvox. Given my experience with Amazon purchases, I'm sure you'd be well served buying it here as well.	The new Z-Base 525 is a compact surround sound system for use in small apartments, bedrooms, offices ? or anyplace where space is tight. You get a room full of sound without a roomful of speakers and messy wires! Never before has high-quality surround sound been available in such a small, elegant package. The Z-Base 525 is only 24-Inch wide by 12.5-Inch deep by 3.5-Inch high. Yet it contains five speakers, amplifiers, a powered subwoofer and our acclaimed PhaseCue? virtual surround sound system....
21997	Save your money!	It's a shame that a company like Magnavox, which used to put out some fine quality products, would put their nameplate on garbage like this. Bought for my 80 year old mother-in-law we found that the DVD plays and sounds fine, but the VCR is pretty much horrible. Terribly poor quality. It records only in MONO!...is ANYTHING mono anymore? And it doesn't play well with other machines. She has to blast the TV volume on any tape from another machine. That means when you turn off the player, the TV (now playing regular cable TV) is blasting. Mom-in-law jumps a foot. Many features which used to be present on VCR's are not here. No TV/VCR button to check on regular TV while watching a tape and nothing to tell you how much tape is left. No front line-in jacks for the grandchildren coming over with video games and now forced to pull out the TV to plug in their toys. And setting the timer is bewilderingly tedious...plus, mom-in-law is going crazy listening to the cacophony of noise coming from the VCR motor. Literally...whirls, squeaks and chatters...heard by her though she's going deaf. This is a 6 month old machine no less! All in all, a waste of [...] bucks. I understand that VCR is an archaic technology but there are a lot of older folks out there who will continue to use them...so if Magnavox doesn't mind taking their money, at least give them their moneys worth!	Enjoy playing both DVDs and videocassette tapes with the BrandXYZ DVD VCR Combo. The videocassette recorder does not have a built-in tuner, but does have a line input for recording from cable boxes, satellite systems or compatible TVs. The DVD player can also play CDs. Includes remote control. BrandXYZ DVD VCR Combo. Model: DV220MW9. BrandXYZ DVD Player Features:. * DVD, DVD-R/-RW and CD-R/-RW playback. * S-video output. * Title and subtitle display. * Multi-angle, skip, pause and resume play. *...
21998	Good DVD player, lousy VHS player.	Just like the first reviewer said, these players are junk. Strangely, the DVD portion has excellent picture and sound, but the VCR portion audio is analog. It's taken off the linear audio track running along the edge of the tape, which is old school. So, the sound is weak and fidelity is very poor. You would think people buy a combo unit so they could still play their VHS movies. Evidently Magnavox figured people buy a combo unit because they look neat or something. The VHS portion of these players is nearly useless. Don't buy one if you plan on playing your VHS movies. Especially if they're movies with special effects or lots of music. There's no bass whatsoever, and very weak everything else. I'd rate it zero stars if I could, so that one star is way more than it deserves. I'm going to avoid any and all Magnavox products. They've shown their true colors with this unit.	Enjoy playing both DVDs and videocassette tapes with the BrandXYZ DVD VCR Combo. The videocassette recorder does not have a built-in tuner, but does have a line input for recording from cable boxes, satellite systems or compatible TVs. The DVD player can also play CDs. Includes remote control. BrandXYZ DVD VCR Combo. Model: DV220MW9. BrandXYZ DVD Player Features:. * DVD, DVD-R/-RW and CD-R/-RW playback. * S-video output. * Title and subtitle display. * Multi-angle, skip, pause and resume play. *...
21999	Buyer Beware	This battery is not made by IBM or Lenovo. Frankly, I resent the way this product is posted on Amazon. Notice, above the phrase "other products by IBM." This ad implies that the produce is kosher when it is not. It is incumbent on Amazon to make this clear.	[Fit model] ThinkPad X300 Series [Replace] 43R9253 [Voltage(V)] 10.8V [Capacity(mAh)] 3600mAh/39Wh [Dimension(mm)] 255.1*74.00*12.80 [N.W(g)] 330g [Color] Black [Type] Li-ion Replacement For * 43R9253 * 43R9254 * 43R9255 * 43R1965 * 43R1967 * ASM 42T4519 * ASM 42T4523 * FRU 42T4518 * FRU 42T4522 Fit Machine Models: * LENOVO(BrandXYZ) ThinkPad X300 Series * LENOVO(BrandXYZ) ThinkPad X301 Series LENOVO * ThinkPad Reserve Edition 8748 * ThinkPad X300 2748 * ThinkPad X300 2749 * ThinkPad X300 6476 *...
22060	Well built and sounds excellent, but...	The speakers are very well built, strong and sturdy. They come with a adjustable bracket so any Zune will fit. They sound fantastic and have enough power to easily fill a large room. Combine all that with the dual alarms, which can be set to different sources, and I thought they were a great replacement to the old Altec Lansing M604's. Then I started looking for the remote, which didn't exist. That's right, $180 speakers that don't include a remote. If the remote is a necessity for you like it is for me, consider waiting for the Kicker zk350.	Designed for concert-like sound first thing in the morning, the BrandXYZ ZK150 Clock Dock Zune media players, uses three-inch full-range speakers in a ported enclosure, and a high-powered internal amplifier to blast your tunes.
22061	Sounds good & has a great snooze bar	If you're buying this to listen to your Zune in a smallish/midsized room, you probably won't be disappointed (but yes, there is no remote.) It's a compact, well-built package with an authoritative, well-balanced sound. Built in bass & treble settings make up somewhat for Zune's lack of tonal flexibility. It's simple to set up and operate the dock and tuner functions, offers a decent complement of options, and the radio is fairly sensitive (there's some drift with distant stations, but it's on a par with similar radio tuners.) It takes a little fishing to seat a Zune, but once seated it's well supported. The sound volume is good -- but it emphasizes the loud end. It feels like it was designed by people who put 60" woofers into the trunks of Honda Civics. (Oh, wait.) While I don't crank it up much past Bruce (medium loud) in a mid-sized room I appreciate the authority. It handles acoustic music briskly, with a fine sense of presence. From 8AM to midnight, it's a beauty. As an alarm clock/radio ... well, the snooze bar is perfect. The display has very little contrast and is difficult to read even straight on & close up. From an angle the detail nearly disappears. Increasing the backlight (easily done, with a range of increments) helps, but by the time you see much improvement the room is bathed in blue light & you've finished plotting the rhumb line from Marion to Bermuda. It's annoying if you prefer unbroken dark with your sleep. And whisper isn't on the volume dial. You can tune down to low, but if you want to go to sleep with music playing in a quiet room you'll have to select your Zune tunes carefully. Anything with even a little dynamic variation will get all bright & bristly just as you start to drift off. This might be another case of subtle not being in the genetic tissue. The functional controls are the biggest drawback. The control area is a series of tiny buttons set flush in the center crease of the radio, behind/around the volume knob & clearly marked with white icons/words. It looks very together & luckily, using them is logical. But the buttons are physically tiny, flush & unlit: just what you don't need as your eyes come unglued in the morning dark. The functional buttons (alarm on/off, source input selections) are particularly bad: you get to stab in the dark, hoping to hit the 'alarm off' button before anyone else wakes up. (That blue display light is lost on the control buttons -- they are beneath it & curve downward.) The "set & forget" buttons are small but less critical & can be set at midday. With a higher contrast display, functional buttons moved to the top & made easy to distinguish by touch in the dark (alarm clock design 101), larger radio presets & "set & forget" controls, this would be a five star system. As the rating suggests, it's a fine unit if you own a Zune & want to come out of your earbuds. The 80% that Kicker got right is worthwhile. If you're looking for the perfect clock radio, this might not be your first choice.	Designed for concert-like sound first thing in the morning, the BrandXYZ ZK150 Clock Dock Zune media players, uses three-inch full-range speakers in a ported enclosure, and a high-powered internal amplifier to blast your tunes.
22062	Great Sound, Annoying Alarm Flaw	Anyone who owns a Zune is well aware of the limited dock options on the market. It's hard to find any one alarm dock that is well reviewed for both form and functionality. I looked for something for several years but never felt comfortable slapping down the cash. Then the zKick 150 came on the market, and given that most other Kicker audio and dock products usually get very favorable reviews, I took a chance and made the purchase. Initially, I was really happy with the device. The setup was very quick and easy, taking just a few minutes. The sound is really amazing for such a small unit. The EQ options give you the chance to do a rudimentary adjust to the audio output. With no EQ built into the Zune, this is a welcome feature and allows you to get a mix that is more customized to your preferences. I listen mostly to vocal and orchestral stuff, so treble is more important to me than bass most of the time, and the highs from this machine are pretty rich and never tinny. The bass is definitely more than adequate, even when I've cranked it up for more rocking selections. The unit has a pretty decent sound output as well. I've yet to have it anywhere near full volume and I've been able to enjoy it all through my 1300 square foot place. Does it sound as great when I'm 3 rooms removed from it as it does when I'm listening from the same room? Of course not, but no system does. There are a range of brightness options for the device display. I keep mine on the lowest setting and have never had a problem reading it whether the room is lit or dark. The blue light makes it a little mellower than orange or white display options and it doesn't light up the whole room like noon when on the lowest setting. The radio works fine, but even here in Los Angeles where there are a billion close sources I've noticed that the unit does have to have the external antennae attached to function well. The headphone/output jack is nice for quiet listening, or attachment to an external speaker source. If you should have the device set to wake you to your Zune, but the Zune gets jarred out of the dock overnight, the device will default to the beeper alarm to wake you, which is really good. Not all units will do that. The audio quality and options are such that I kinda felt like the unit was worth the extra in price. Cheaper dock options sound cheap, and this one easily matches some higher end products I've heard. Now on to the not so good part. The alarm functionality. I'll mention some stuff that other reviewers have mentioned: First, I'd recommend a volume pre-test on any tune you choose for waking music. All but the most mellow arrangements at a really low volume can be heart attack inducing to wake to on this puppy. Seriously. A gradual wake volume function is pretty common, even on inexpensive offerings, and it would have been great if Kicker had included that option in this pricier unit. Next comes the control configuration - challenging little buttons packed on the front of the unit in a really small space. The snooze button is accessible and easy to get to. The alarm on/off button.....not so much. Not a problem when you're fully awake and aware. Kind of a problem when you've just been jarred out of sleep and are muddled. Many mornings I've fumbled with the alarm with my glasses off trying to shut off the alarm and have hit the source button instead - moving from jarringly loud music to really loud radio static. It's just not easy to turn off without being fully awake and focused. Now, the biggest con of the alarm, and one I don't see mentioned in other reviews. The snooze function is seriously flawed. If you hit the snooze and let the time lapse play out, it does come back on as it should. That's not a problem. If you let the snooze go off again and you turn the alarm off while the unit is playing, the next time you use the alarm, it works as it should. Also not a problem The problem happens if you hit the snooze and then shut the alarm off BEFORE you let the snooze reactivate. What happens then is that the alarm will go off the FOLLOWING day at the end of that snooze time. For example. On Monday, clock is set for 5 am. It goes off at 5 am and you hit the snooze, activating a 10 minute snooze period. Uninterrupted, the alarm would go off at 5:10 am. But, say you get up at 5:05 am and turn the alarm off. The snooze doesn't go off at 5:10 am that day, which is good. What is not good is that no matter what you do, short of unplugging the unit to power it down, on the next day, Tuesday, that alarm is going to go off at 5:10 am. I don't care if you leave the alarm set at 5 am, or set it for 7 am or 4 am or noon or 3 pm, if you turn the alarm back on, it is going off at 5:10 am. Period. This happened consistently when I first got the dock, and I thought it might have been a malfunction in that particular unit. I took it back and exchanged it for another, and found that the second unit had the same exact problem. It's not at all random either. It happens consistently if you hit the snooze and then shut off the alarm before the snooze reactivates. You learn to work around it, but at the price, and from a reputable manufacturer, you shouldn't have to work around anything so basic. It's pretty annoying and might ruin the whole experience for you if you're primarily buying it for an alarm, and not an every day docking/listening option.	Designed for concert-like sound first thing in the morning, the BrandXYZ ZK150 Clock Dock Zune media players, uses three-inch full-range speakers in a ported enclosure, and a high-powered internal amplifier to blast your tunes.
22063	Good for Bedroom	This is not a great system but decent enough for a small bedroom. The clock display is useless as you have to see it only particular angle and you have to get up from bed to see it. Sound is reasonable and i dont reccommend this as your main Dock. Lacking remote is another problem. Also buttons are so small that you have to really wake up to stop the alarm.	Designed for concert-like sound first thing in the morning, the BrandXYZ ZK150 Clock Dock Zune media players, uses three-inch full-range speakers in a ported enclosure, and a high-powered internal amplifier to blast your tunes.
22090	Good Pictures.. Underwhelming Product.	Without a doubt the camera takes great pictures; however, beyond that the overall quality is less than expected. First, its an HD camera that by the product description and manual should work with 2 through 32 Gig SD cards.. the only card it works with is a 2GB SD - and I'm using top of the line SD cards from Kingston, PNY and Sandisk. The instructions say there is an flash update for filming upside down - there isn't. The additional roll bar mount kit slips and doesn't hold the camera still and the bag says the manual is on the web site.. but there's no manual there so I have no idea if I'm using it correctly or not.. but so far all configurations allow the camera mount to move and cannot be locked into place. Lastly outside of the packaging there is nothing that tells you that you've got a surf HD that's rated down to 180 feet. The case looks exactly like every other waterproof model and the camera has no indication that it is an surf HD capable model. 2GB SD card + 1080P 16:9 resolution = 26 minutes of video on a single HD card and you have to stop and dump the video or change the card.	
22065	Mac Pro Plug & Play	It was a very simple Plug'n Play situation for my Mac Pro (Early 2009). Note that only a VGA cable is included in the box, so I had ordered the Dell 6.5 ft DVI-D Male/Male Display Cable (A0497000). The DVI-D cable connects directly to the Mac Pro DVI-D female connector--no adapter required. Power up the monitor and then the Mac Pro, and the auto-sensing does the rest. They mate up in the native 1920 X 1080 resolution at 60 Hertz. No sweat. The OSD is very easy to use and the side buttons have a good feel. There is even a way to set up two shortcuts for quick access to the OSD options of your choice. The OSD is invoked by four buttons on the lower right side of the screen. The only adjustments I've made so far is to use the side control buttons to adjust the Brightness down to 51 and Contrast down a little to 71. I also went into the Mac Pro's System Preferences and changed the Color Profile to "Display Calibrated" from the default "Dell ST2410." I did not perform any of the calibration adjustments available under the "Calibrate" menu, just selected the "Display Calibrated" from the left column. The monitor only has tilt adjustment, no height adjustment. The center of the screen is about 10" above your desk surface. Depending on your seating, you may wish to place the monitor on a secure raiser of 2" to 3". For a TN monitor, it has very sharp text and outstanding graphics. Running a basic "dead pixel" detector, I did not notice any stuck pixels. Dell does state in their warranty they find up to 5 defective pixels acceptable. As with all TN panels, the best picture is obtained viewing straight on. It may not be the best choice for a dual-monitor setup where each monitor is at an angle.	The ST2410 flat panel monitor has 24 inches of viewable area, 16:9 aspect ratio perfect for viewing movies on your PC, and HDMI input for true high-def viewing.
22066	Not impressed	On the plus side, this monitor is capable of a very clear, sharp image. However, I had a hard time getting it set up and am still not particularly happy with the display quality. Many of the features work only with a VGA cable, including Auto Adjust. It doesn't work well with my NVidea display driver, and I can't get the two to sync properly. The height isn't adjustable; I had to buy a riser to get it to a comfortable height, and the stand is so low that getting the cable connectors attached is difficult. All told, I'd say spend the money for a better monitor, and especially try for one that will sync well with your graphic card's display driver.	The ST2410 flat panel monitor has 24 inches of viewable area, 16:9 aspect ratio perfect for viewing movies on your PC, and HDMI input for true high-def viewing.
22072	Great bag	Works really well. Timbuk2 claim this is not a manbag or a handbag, but come on....it is. Having said that I'm a 6 foot chap, built like the proverbial brick wall, so this product helps me feel a little liberated. Why should the ladies in our lives get a bag to carry all their stuff? Don't men need a bag to carry all the junk, sorry, essential things in life? Where are we supposed to put the smartphone, kindle, camera, chocolate, empty beer cans (have you tried to find a bin in london these days?), credit cards and the "if found please return to..." card. well done timbuk2, great product, but come on, market it as it should be :) It's a man bag!	BrandXYZ's upgraded Classic Messenger Bag with inner Kindle sleeve provides protection for your 6" Display, Latest Generation Kindle
22086	Very happy with this modern, compact and quality radio.	Like another reviewer (Ann) I bought this little radio by mail order inspite of other negative reviews elsewhere on the internet. I got mine from a seller in Vancouver, Canada. Overall I am very pleased with this radio. I think the fit and finish is very nice and FM reception is excellent even with the aerial antenna fully down. AM reception is also quite good and at night I easily receive stations for Los Angeles and the SF bay area. On SW the performance matches my older Panasonic RF-2900 which is just fine. Certainly a real SW enthusiast won't use this as their only radio, but the portability and versatility of this little radio is really pleasing. I love the size, features and the USB charging method. I've loaded lots of MP3 songs into the 2GB of FLASH (it appears as standard "disk drive" on your PC) and it charged while I did that! The English owners manual is adequate and the radio is easy to operate. I haven't used the headphones since I already had a decent set. The MP3's sound fine to me with reasonably rich sound, though it would have been nice to have a tone control or EQ settings to select from. I also like the green LED backlight. The display is easy to read in the dark. Also, I think this model must be preferable to the older DE-1123 because that model doesn't have the jog control which works great! Don't be afraid to buy one of these. You'll be very pleased, especially for the money spent.	Made by the same manufacturer that makes widely-appraised Kaito shortwave radios, such as KA1101, KA1102 & KA1103, the newly released DE1125 is a versatile little radio with lot of functions & features. It seamlessly combines a traditional world-band radio, a 2GB MP3 player, a radio recorder and a voice recorder altogether into an incredibly light and compact gadget, which measures only ? inch thick and weighs less 3 ounces without the batteries. Powered by three AAA batteries, this digital PLL ...
22076	N-Networking, USB are only gains, Paying Too Much for Cables	First let me say I own a Roku and LOVE it! NetFlix and Roku are a marriage made in heaven as far as I'm concerned, and they are saving me tons of money and treks to the video store. The picture, ease of use, wireless capabilities, quality of video content... everything is great! But it's important to understand the differences between the 3 Roku offerings so you can make an informed decision on your purchase. It does seem odd that Roku has simply not put out one device at one price for everyone with all the bells and whistles, but for now, you have to choose one... based upon your needs and budget. **PRICING NOTE for PREMIUM CABLES PACKAGE: This package deal offers a 'Premium Cable Pack', but the description of what these cables are, is no where to be seen in the description! Since the only cable you really need is an HDMI cable that can be purchased very cheaply, for example worked for me, why pay so much more? If you want just the player, and will supply your own cable this is the one: to buy instead. THE DIFFERENCES IN ROKU PLAYERS: Roku HD Player is capable of wired or wireless hook-up, but not at the fastest speed available from a 'N' wireless network. HD content streams to this device flawlessly (if the content is available and your home network is sending a proper signal), despite not being 'N' network ready. That being said, Roku came out with Roku HD-XR Player which WILL stream the fastest 'N' network standard, provided the rest of your home network is also working with the same standard. That being said, this device is not at all necessary if you don't have all the devices on your home network using the 'N' standard, because the speed will only go as fast as the device with the slowest connection which is probably the 'B or G' standard. The third device is available on Roku's website. Roku SD, which streams in standard definition, will not stream HD content, isn't capable of surround sound audio like the other two and does not have a HDMI connection. It only supports the red/yellow/white (composite video and audio) connections, but it will connect wirelessly or can be hardwired to the internet, working on a 'B or G' network. The Roku SD is about twenty bucks less than the Roku HD and , so again, consider your needs before buying. **Anyone with a standard def TV and who doesn't plan to upgrade to an HDTV with HDMI ports any time soon, would probably want this version. The Roku HD-XR Player is a jump up from the HD model in wireless capabilities. All the Roku offerings will give you years of enjoyment by boosting your NetFlix subscription, streaming Amazon On Demand media and boosting your viewing library. What the HD-XR has that the others don't: 'N' network capabilities and 1 USB port for firmware upgrades and possibly, other media hook-ups via USB, but at this time Roku doesn't even bring up the USB on their website so I tend to wonder about this being a selling point. Is it worth the extra cost? Only you know the answer to that question. MY CONCLUSIONS: 1. If you purchase this particular set-up you're paying too much for cables you don't need. Purchase your own HDMI cable and you'll save money. 2. The quality of the streaming video on my 'G' network is perfect; standard and HD content, via my Roku HD, but since I don't have a 'N' network, nor do I expect I will in the near future, I saved myself a bit of money and didn't buy this one. 3. The reasons I give this product 4 versus 5 stars is because of the price bump for the ability to use an 'N' wireless network when frankly I believe it should be considered a standard feature not an extra, and the price bump for adding cables that can be purchased much more inexpensively. The USB port, whatever it's used for, should also be standard on all models. Again, it would be wonderful to have one Roku with all the potential connections and wireless ability, and perhaps in the future there will be, but for now you need to consider these three: Roku SD, Roku HD and Roku HD-XR. To may your own informed choice, evaluate your needs and buy accordingly. While the Roku products are not media storage devices or DVR's, they can give you a tremendous boost in your enjoyment of NetFlix and expand your viewing library. ROKU HD-XR PLAYER SPECIFICATIONS (per the Roku website): *Note the USB port isn't even listed as a feature. Networking Wi-Fi (802.11N/B/G "dual-band") with WEP, WPA, and WPA2 support 10/100 Ethernet (RJ-45) Video Outputs Composite video (480i) S-Video (480i) Component video (Y/Pb/Pr - 720p/480p) HDMI (720p/480p) Video Modes 16:9 High Definition (HD) 16:9 anamorphic 4:3 standard Audio Output Stereo (L/R RCA) Digital Optical (Toslink - Stereo/Surround) Digital over HDMI (Stereo/Surround) Remote Control NEC protocol, supported by various universal remotes Power Input 5V, 2.5A provided by included AC adapter Power Consumption 6 watts peak, 4 watts in standby Size 5 x 5 x 1.75 inches (130 x 130 x 41 mm) Weight 11 oz (300 grams)	Now featuring extended-range wireless, BrandXYZ is the easiest way to stream instant movies and shows directly to your TV - over 50,000 and counting, from Netflix, Amazon Video On Demand, and more. The top-of-the-line HD-XR model uses the latest wireless standard (Wi-Fi "N") to deliver the best quality video virtually anywhere in your home. It's so easy and powerful; no wonder BrandXYZ is Netflix members' top rated streaming player. And with the new BrandXYZ Channel Store, it also brings you FRE...
9834	Good idea - if it works for you.	We purchased 2 of these cards. Spent several days trying to get them to work w/ our Nikon D80 and D40x. Would not work with either camera. Eye-Fi tech support was unable to get them working either - despite several days of trying. Tech support finally blamed it on our AT&T high speed internet service. Product seems like a great idea - IF you can get it to work with your equipment. Might be best to call Eye-Fi tech support before you purchase and see if cards are compatible with your equipment (including cameras, laptops, and internet service). Finally gave up and returned product for refund.	The BrandXYZ Home wirelessly connects to your home Wi-Fi network and uploads your pictures automatically. When your computer is turned on, the Card delivers your pictures to the assigned folder on your computer or directly into iPhoto.
9837	Great Concept, Less then perfect execution	I like the concept of this device, but it does not work well enough for my needs. However it might for other customers, just not me. I have returned it. My problems: In my use it was slow to connect to the wireless network when it turned on. Sometimes it would take 5+ minutes of the camera being on before transfers would start. It seemed to take far too long to upload only a handful of pictures. About a minute a picture. It really drained my Canon SD600's battery It doesn't upload videos. I want to "cut the cord" to my camera. Whats the point of having a wireless camera, if you still regularly have to get out the cable to get your videos off of the camera. If I have to connect the camera to get the videos, it was quicker to just download all the pictures at the same time. Speed and videos aside it was convenient. If you don't take many videos on you camera and don't mind turning your camera and walking away for a while while it downloads. It could work great for you.	The BrandXYZ Home wirelessly connects to your home Wi-Fi network and uploads your pictures automatically. When your computer is turned on, the Card delivers your pictures to the assigned folder on your computer or directly into iPhoto.
22085	Degen DE1125: Not bad at all and a great fm/sw radio/MP3 player with am bands not quite as good probably due to its small size.	November 3, 2009: Stay tuned as I will update this review shortly with more technical details to follow. I took a chance and ordered this Degen DE1125 from overseas ($78.99 shipped by registered airmail) despite some poor reviews that I have seen recently, but my unit is just fine and once again the overall quality control of electronics production in Chinese radio factories looms its ugly head! My unit is the Degen brand and not the Kaito version so it has sw capability instead of the USA weather band channels. It is excellent on the fm and good on sw bands despite relatively low sensitivity ratings compared to several other Kaito and Degen radios. To boot the unit is very well made and extremely small and pocketable and just what I was looking for by the way. I like it much better than the Sangean DT-200V and DT-400W units and it can even pick up routine weather broadcasts on my local am government sponsored emergency preparedness station. It does need a tone control that is certainly sorely lacking, but other than that I have no great complaints at this point, except perhaps for a more precise frequency control in smaller increment steps (see further below). The AGC (automatic gain control) does oscillate so that the signal strength fluctuates quite a bit for weak am stations as noted by other internet reviewers, but the stronger sw stations come in just fine as do all fm stations that I have listened to. I am very pleased overall with this radio/MP3 player, especially at this asking price! UPDATE: November 18, 2009: PROS: 1) Very fine quality MP3 player (comes with two songs, one by the late and great Karen Carpenter (Its yesterday once more) and another classic, the Hotel California). Both are excellent for demonstrating the MP3 capabilities available on this system. 2) Good quality voice recorder/microphone system with ability to record directly off the air (better at lower speaker volume). 3) Tuning is through either the very fine tuning knob or using the Auto+/Auto- keys on the keyboard so it is a much improved system (compared to the Kaito KA1123 or the Degen DE15 units). 4) There is excellent sensitivity for fm with very good selectivity 5) Fair to good sw sensitivity and good selectivity 6) Fair am sensitivity and good selectivity 7) High quality MP3 player with 2 GB of onboard mempry available. 8) Good quality ATS (Automatic tuning storage) preset capability on all bands with 255 presets available (adjusted using the Auto +/- keys). These presets are easy to play back too using easy to locate keys (can be used to either advance or backtrack frequencies) on the right hand side of the unit. 9) There is a very detailed and highly readable, quality LCD screen with a (green) high quality backlight. 10) The LCD screen details are different for the "off" position versus each of the three modes of operation (as listed under 1) below under Cons). The clock can be displayed in all possible screen displays and so it is very easy to set accurately. 11) There is a very nice on-screen digital signal strength meter that is displayed whenever the digital volume levels are adjusted. 12) It has a very long lasting and very flat rectangular battery (Lithium-Ion: Nokia cell phone type). The battery is charged using a USB to unit cable (provided) that goes directly to a PC (with automatic charging capability). The same USB cable is also used for quickly downloading songs from a PC. 13) It is a very small and pocketable, very nice looking unit with a high quality build (with a black rubbery surface with a nice feel). It has a nice support stand that opens up from the back and exposes more of the speaker to the air as well (see below). 14) The unit also has an extendable (nonrotating) vertical antenna about 15 inches in length that is good for fm and sw signal detection. 15) There is also a lock slide switch to keep all controls fixed when needed. 16) It also has a very good sounding speaker. 17) The printed manual is in both Chinese as well as in English and is not very hard to understand. CONS: 1) There is no tone control for any of the three basic modes (am/fm/sw radio, MP3 player and voice and off the air recorder). 2) The tuning capability is fixed and does not have adjustable frequency step controls. 3) The radio senitivity is best only for listening to major stations, except for the fm operating mode and to a lesser extent sw. I think the Kaito version with all USA weatherband channels may prove to be a better buy overall if the sensitivity for these is adequate. There is some hiss to be heard in the background on am and on the voice recorder. 4) It has a lone bandwidth and no DX/local attenuator, but can register fm stereo through the earphones. It does not have an external antenna jack either. UPDATE: November 19, 2009: Apparently the weatherband reception option instead of sw reception (2.3 - ~23 MHz) has been dropped by Kaito (Degen) since it no longer appears listed on the Amazon website (it was listed there until very recently however!). Even today on their own website it is still listed as the Kaito KA800 with am/fm and weatherband reception capabilities and an orange backlight!	Made by the same manufacturer that makes widely-appraised Kaito shortwave radios, such as KA1101, KA1102 & KA1103, the newly released DE1125 is a versatile little radio with lot of functions & features. It seamlessly combines a traditional world-band radio, a 2GB MP3 player, a radio recorder and a voice recorder altogether into an incredibly light and compact gadget, which measures only ? inch thick and weighs less 3 ounces without the batteries. Powered by three AAA batteries, this digital PLL ...
22087	Good Product	Good build quality. I'm technically challenged, so after a few evenings of learning MP3 download basics, I'm happy with this versatile product. 24+ hours of music, downloaded so far. Sound quality is decent. Tons of great features in a tiny package. I ordered mine from Hong Kong...mine takes 3AAA batteries (rechargables that arrived with the unit, seem faulty, so I switched to standard alkaline for now). Packaging was for 1123 model with 2GB of storage. My only dislike so far, is that the MP3 controls are a bit "delayed". Radio reception on FM is excellent, AM fair, and SW good. You'll want to upgrade the headset. Not quite perfect, but definitely recommended. I don't think there's another product that offers all these features, in a quality pocket sized product, on the market.	Made by the same manufacturer that makes widely-appraised Kaito shortwave radios, such as KA1101, KA1102 & KA1103, the newly released DE1125 is a versatile little radio with lot of functions & features. It seamlessly combines a traditional world-band radio, a 2GB MP3 player, a radio recorder and a voice recorder altogether into an incredibly light and compact gadget, which measures only ? inch thick and weighs less 3 ounces without the batteries. Powered by three AAA batteries, this digital PLL ...
22088	No more travelling with a bagful of cords	I received the new version of the PowerMonkey a couple of days ago, and am impressed to say the least. Customer feedback on the original device complained about the adaptor tips being flimsy and breaking after a couple of uses. When I e-mailed PowerTraveller to ask what (if anything) they had done to address the problem, they responded that the new version had reinforced tips. This certainly seems to be the case. The adaptors included with the charger are hefty, and it seems likely that they will withstand some hard use. Because my Christmas travels require a twelve-hour combination of plane/long layover/plane, I was curious to see just how long the PowerMonkey would power a BlackBerry Curve 8900, playing video non-stop. For testing purposes, I used a music video on continuous replay with the backlight on. It worked for 7 hours and 52 minutes before the battery light began flashing to indicate low power. The results may skew slightly higher because the volume was turned off. However, I did not turn off the Wi-Fi, phone or e-mail function so perhaps these functions will balance out the power saved by muting the volume. Even if the total video playing time is less than nearly eight hours, I am pleasantly surprised to learn that the PowerMonkey should easily provide enough power to play movies for any entire five-hour flight.	The powermonkey-classic portable charger (previously available only in silver) has hit the shelves in a range of sleek, eye-catching colours; piano-finish Black, classic Silver, deep Purple, royal Blue and hot Pink. Now your charger can be as vibrant as your Nano Chromatic! The powermonkey-classic was the first charger manufactured by BrandXYZ in 2006, bringing a whole new meaning to the term "portable power". Negating the need for an array of different chargers and cables, its compact, lightwei...
22089	I love this camera.	I'm an off-roader that likes to capture stills and video on the trail. I have tried all sorts of cameras and attachments to make interesting video's, but there was always something lacking in the sound and image quality........until now! This little camera is perfect for off-road use. It's dustproof, waterproof, appears to be shockproof and takes great video with sound. At first it seems pricy but if you try to put something together close to this in quality and funcuality it would cost a lot more. They are coming out with alot of add-ons so you can upgrade if needed. I find it very easy to use. Being an off-roader I found a mount that works well with the Gopro's, It's a billet gopro mount that is sold on the internet. I think this camera is great just taking with you to get family video's or what ever sport your into.	
22098	Great performance on a budget	The Sapphire 5770 1Gb is a really nice card. It delivers outstanding performance for resolutions up to 1680x1050, and you can run most games at full quality at that resolution. You may have to scale back some quality settings in higher resolutions, but only by a bit. For older games you can turn on edge antialiasing and crank the AA up to 24x. The card also offers a super-sampling anti-aliasing mode, which smooths out the entire screen. It does make the graphics seem a bit less sharp, and there is more of a performance hit than standard multi-sampling AA. ATI has improved the performance and quality of multi-sampling AA to the point that super-sampling seems a bit outdated. A single 5770 is very close to the performance seen in a 4870. The 4870 has a slight edge in performance. The 5770 has an edge with heat production and power usage, so it evens out in the end. The 5770 also features Eyefinity mode, which allows you to hook up three monitors and span the entire display across the monitors in 3d games. It also scales incredibly well in Crossfire mode with 2 cards, meeting and sometimes exceeding the performance of a pricey 5870 while coming in about 15% cheaper. The fan is surprisingly quiet as well. One con is the new cooler, which doesn't exhaust hot air from the case like the original 5770 cooler. It pays to have a well-ventilated case.	Now, more people than ever can experience real innovation in DirectX 11 gaming with ATI Radeon HD 5700 Series graphics processors. Loaded with advanced technology, these GPUs have the power and premium features you need for fully immersive gameplay. Expand your visual real estate across up to three displays and get lost in the action with revolutionary ATI Eyefinity Technology. Using ATI Stream technology, accelerate even the most demanding applications and do more than ever with your PC. The fi...
22099	Im well ahead of the game with direct x 11 support!	Awesome vid card, i was concerned at first when i thought it would not fit my rig, but i managed to make extra space, after that my only problem was the temp, not like this card is supposed to run hot, but my cpu was creating alota heat inside, so i ripped the old 80mm fan off my old computer dusted off debree, popped in a new psu popped the card, and slapped the fan to the case side (2 80mm) and Bam! i run a cool 40c idle just like the descriptions, and 50 to 60c under load, Im enjoying this and my new rig, would buy again for Xfire :D!	Now, more people than ever can experience real innovation in DirectX 11 gaming with ATI Radeon HD 5700 Series graphics processors. Loaded with advanced technology, these GPUs have the power and premium features you need for fully immersive gameplay. Expand your visual real estate across up to three displays and get lost in the action with revolutionary ATI Eyefinity Technology. Using ATI Stream technology, accelerate even the most demanding applications and do more than ever with your PC. The fi...
22100	Not as good as the GTX 260	I bought this card in order to replace my GTX 260 on my Home Theather PC. I just built a nice 5.1 surround sound system and i wanted to be able to play my Blu Ray's/ games through my PC with full uncompressed sound. This card worked amazingly well for sound processing but graphics were another story. Graphically the HD 5770 is actally a downgrade from my old GTX 260 192sp card, even at 720p resolution. My Resident Evil 5 fixed and variable benchmark actually went down about 7 fps a piece, even though i was running the game with 16X AA on the GTX 260 and only 8X AA on the HD 5770. My NBA 2K10 benchmark also went down, making the game unplayable until i lowered some settings. This card doesn't overclock at all, and i think it is due to the new coolers used. If u have a choice buy the version with the old cooler if u even touch this card. Plus amazon cahrged me a $6 return shipping cost even though i am a prime member. I'm back in the nvidia camp now and this will stay this way for the forseeable future.	Now, more people than ever can experience real innovation in DirectX 11 gaming with ATI Radeon HD 5700 Series graphics processors. Loaded with advanced technology, these GPUs have the power and premium features you need for fully immersive gameplay. Expand your visual real estate across up to three displays and get lost in the action with revolutionary ATI Eyefinity Technology. Using ATI Stream technology, accelerate even the most demanding applications and do more than ever with your PC. The fi...
22101	Good Enough for Swine Flu	The Flir T360 is awesome Thermal Imager, much better than the Fluke Ti32 in my opinion. Price is a little high here on Amazon, I got mine through Texso Instruments for $8,995. I have yet to try and spot someone with the Flu. Check out the video on Texso to see what I mean.	The new BrandXYZ T360 is an affordable, feature rich infrared camera! The T360 now has FUSION! BrandXYZ's new FUSION fuctionality allows for easier indentification and interpretation of infrared images. This advanced technology enhances the value of an infrared image by allowing you to overlay it directly over the corresponding visible image. The functionality combines the benefits of both the infrared image and visual picture at the push of a button. The T360 camera does this in real-time and t...
5	works great	For an old HP Laserjet 4 this product works perfectly. The old work horse has some new toner! Highly recommend this product.	BrandXYZ cartridges offer outstanding print quality and up to 10 percent higher yields.
6	Great value for really cheap price	I opted for the compatible xerox toner instead of the original HP toner for my HP laserjet 4M+. Shipping was superfast. I had the toner in two days with free UPS shipping. The xerox toner worked great in my hp laserprinter. No problems at all. I am very happy that I saved 80 dollars. What a great deal!	BrandXYZ cartridges offer outstanding print quality and up to 10 percent higher yields.
7	TONER CARTRIDGE	The toner cartridge for my HP laserjet 5 made by XEROX is working great. I would purchase this item again. No problems. Very good product.	BrandXYZ cartridges offer outstanding print quality and up to 10 percent higher yields.
8	Cheap and OK	Our office has one old HP Laserjet 5, which still works, and rather than buy a new printer, we opted for an inexpensive cartridge. Went with the Xerox name because it seemed safer than a no-name, and it prints just fine. Our only complaint is that it makes a loud whining noise, so that's the reason it only gets 4 stars.	BrandXYZ cartridges offer outstanding print quality and up to 10 percent higher yields.
9	Good cartridge for a good price	This cartridge works great with my LaserJet 4 Plus. The company was quick in shipping it. They also had good updates by e-mailing me when it shipped, provided a tracking number, etc. Definitely a good deal.	BrandXYZ cartridges offer outstanding print quality and up to 10 percent higher yields.
2064	Professional appearance	Trial lawyers go to court the way Alaskan hunters venture into the interior-loaded for bear. We used to march into court with what was called a trial bag-a boxy briefcase that one can stick the entire contents of a file into and lug down to the courthouse. Actually the trial bag itself became rather limited when teams of paralegals started cross indexing long depositions, exhibits, and document production. In one of my trials the one entire side of the gallery was taken over by bankers' boxes and a team of three paralegals desperately trying to anticipate the next document their lawyer would need. These days a decent laptop can and usually does replace trial bags, most paralegals, and bankers boxes. Lawyers however are loathe to walk into court with a nylon laptop case, looking to all the world like an IT geek in a tailored suit. McKlein USA provided the answer- a sleek, lawyerly looking laptop case. I have had mine for over three years and other than a slight tendency to topple over (the result of overstuffing on one side by yours truly), the briefcase has performed admirably. The bad has three major lined compartments and I use the middle compartment for my MacBook Pro. On either side of that I stuff any written materials I plan on using. In a zippered interior compartment I put my chargers and extra cables. As indicated you can overfilled as mine often is. This is an excellent laptop case that looks like a regular briefcase. You will never be mistaken for a IT geek.	Elegant design meets modern functionality with secure key lock Organizer with storage space for media devices, cell phone, business cards and pens 3-section gusset construction with padded middle section that protects laptops up to 17? in size and two divider sections for documents Non-slip, shock absorbing comfortable shoulder strap helps alleviating body strain
2065	Great bargain.	2 months in this is a well made bag. construction seems durable and has ample padding and some decent pockets. stitching is a little showy and worries me a bit.	Elegant design meets modern functionality with secure key lock Organizer with storage space for media devices, cell phone, business cards and pens 3-section gusset construction with padded middle section that protects laptops up to 17? in size and two divider sections for documents Non-slip, shock absorbing comfortable shoulder strap helps alleviating body strain
2075	Worth every penny (used)	I bought this for $25, and it's been worth every penny. I have noticed the volume boost that other reviewers have mentioned, but changing the value of a single resistor will fix that, if it really bothers you. When the other options include the substantially more expensive Univibe or Soulvibe, the effort expended by changing out a 15-cent resistor is worth it. Because of the low price ($25 used), I was expecting a pedal that sounded mediocre at best, but this has a surprisingly lush sound. It probably would not do for high end recording, but it sounds great live. And for the price, I haven't heard better.	
2076	ALMOST	HERES THE DEAL. THE PEDALS WORTH THE MONEY AND WHAT I MEAN IS- YES GOOD QAULITY JACKS, METAL CASE, TRUE BYPASS, THERE IS A VERY NOTICABLE VOLUME BOOST WHEN U ENGAGE THE PEDAL-[IF NOT FOR THIS I WOULD HAVE JUST SAID 5-STAR GREAT PURCHASE AND BEEN DONE]. THIS PEDAL HAS A GREAT VIBE EFFECT-VERY GOOD SWELL GREAT FOR BEGINNER OR BEDROOM.	
2077	Danelectro strikes again!	This pedal suprises me with its versatility and trippy sounds. if you are looking to get that Hendrix sound out of the Band of Gypsys stuff. This pedal nails it, and it has a lot more sound than just those, it can get close to a Leslie-like sound with some good tweaking. A few things some people might complain about it's that it does have a notable volume increase when engaged, it also diminishes the high frequencies(not by much) and the effect takes a while to get started after engaging it depending on the setting. i personally dont mind those. Overall, great pedal for the money. Danelectro did it again. I think I'm going to try their Fuzz pedal next.	
2102	Know what you're getting	This is for Ricoh Printer cartridge 88279. These are the 5,000 page cartridges, not the 15,000 page cartridges. If you don't need to use the printer for vast print jobs the lower price may interest you. If, however, you do a lot of color printing, which is why I bought this printer in the first place, go elsewhere. You are paying about half the price but receiving one third the product.	The only answer for optimum, precise performance of your BrandXYZ equipment - genuine BrandXYZ supplies. They are formulated specifically to work with BrandXYZ office machines. Genuine BrandXYZ supplies ensure outstanding copy clarity and machine reliability in even the most demanding environments. Don't let unauthorized supplies affect the quality of your presentation with blurry images or poor copy quality. Genuine BrandXYZ supplies assure you of maximum machine efficiency and consistent produ...
2266	Great speakers	I was hesitant to purchase these speakers because of no other reviews. I should of known that all JL audio products are always the best in their class. You cant beat the price of these speakers. NO other speakers can compare for this price range. I used to own Sony speakers but they sounded like crap and didn't have enough sound only distortion when turned up. These speakers were cheaper and put a lot of bass in that I never thought a regular speaker could.	Evolution VR 6.0 x 9.0 in. / 150 x 230 mm 2-Way Coaxials. Grilles Included. If you're looking for a 6 x 9 with a superiority complex, this is where your search will end. With a massive motor system and woofer-like low-frequency behavior, the VR690-CXi is a stunning performer.
2267	Awesome.	All there really is to say is that it definitely is a JL Audio product. Great highs and lows with a bass better than you would expect from a 6x9 speaker. Great product as it doesn't distort at high volumes.	Evolution VR 6.0 x 9.0 in. / 150 x 230 mm 2-Way Coaxials. Grilles Included. If you're looking for a 6 x 9 with a superiority complex, this is where your search will end. With a massive motor system and woofer-like low-frequency behavior, the VR690-CXi is a stunning performer.
2275	Awesome labelmaker	This is one of the best label makers ever. It accepts a variety of tape widths,colors and types. I use it to label Model train parts and hardware types in parts cabinets. I often find things at a glance by just color alone. It's perfect for letters and packages.	A most powerful, function-packed handheld thermal printer is designed for professionals who won't compromise on speed or quality: shop owners, warehouse managers, electricians, telephone, stereo and network installers and MIS departments who need to label shelves, cabinets, inventory, tools, equipment, signage and more - quietly and accurately. Special features include easy printing of bar codes, electrical symbols, background effects, pricing and an ABC color-coded keyboard with over-sized keys...
2567	Beautiful, Strong and Spacious	This case looks beautiful in my black TV stand under an equally beautiful Samsung HL61A750 HD DLP TV. I went through many cases to finally land on this one for my first HTPC. Pros: - Beautiful front panel. Best part I like is that the optical drive and card reader's face is flush with the case and it does not try to mask that face with something else, and still neatly hidden behind the flaps. - Solid construction. There are a TON of screws. 4 to remove the top panel, 4 to remove that middle bar under it, 2 to remove the optical drive cage, 4 to remove the 3.5" external drive cage, 4 to remove the 6 HDD cage. You get the idea. But once it's all put together, the computer will be rock solid. - Padded HDD cage to reduce noise from the hard drives. - Very spacious. Can easily fit a mATX mobo without breaking a sweat. - Also accommodates a full size power supply. - 4 USB ports in the front and one 1394 port. - Comes with all necessary screws. Cons: (Not many, but worth noting) - Does not come with a single case fan. Has space for 2 in the back, one on the side and two in front of the HDD cage, but Silverstone does not include a single case fan. Had to keep my case open for one night because I hadn't received the case fans I had ordered until then. - Motherboard is too close to the right edge of the case. I couldn't fit a 25mm thick case fan on the side vent, because it was right over the CPU FAN connector on my ASUS M3N78-EM motherboard. Need to get a 20mm or 15mm thick fan for the side vent. Although, I already have front two fans for intake and rear two for exahust, so my case dosen't really need it at the moment. Note: Keep a long philips screw driver with a magnetized head for this. You'll need it for those 200 different screws ;).	The LC20 once again proves that it is possible to build an enclosure for both entertainment and work. Its clean and modern front panel has two flush fitting doors to cover all the front access I/O ports and drives. So a system built with the LC20 will look great at all times even if it is not in use. With a class-leading six hard drive capacity (for up to 3 Terabytes) and dual optical drive ready for Blue-ray and HD-DVD drives, this beautiful enclosure is a home theater builder and PVR enthusias...
2568	Excellent quality, but way too big for HTPC	This is fundamentally a strong product. It features solid construction. The flaps and everything are well thought out. The front is very nice as well. I was able to install everything, with plenty of room to spare. Cons -- The size. I was unable to fit this thing into my media center. I easily fit my receiver, other A/V equipment, but this case is just a behemoth. I'd recommend going with a smaller case unless you have a very deep entertainment center.	The LC20 once again proves that it is possible to build an enclosure for both entertainment and work. Its clean and modern front panel has two flush fitting doors to cover all the front access I/O ports and drives. So a system built with the LC20 will look great at all times even if it is not in use. With a class-leading six hard drive capacity (for up to 3 Terabytes) and dual optical drive ready for Blue-ray and HD-DVD drives, this beautiful enclosure is a home theater builder and PVR enthusias...
2760	Macro on the cheap	The Kenko 25mm extension tube, for those who don't know, is in a nutshell just a tube that moves the lens away from the camera's sensor, enabling it to focus closer than it would be able to without, the caveat being that you can no longer focus to infinity, and depending on the focal length of the lens used, the total focus range may not be more than an inch total. So it's used mainly, if not exclusively, for macro shooting, for much cheaper than a dedicated macro lens. Another warning about the tube: due to the way it works, any imperfections inherent in whichever lens you're using are magnified, but know that it's the same with all extension tubes and that's just how they work. In my own experience, shooting with a 50mm f/1.8 and the 28-135mm f/3.5-5.6, I have noticed no such imperfections. Anyway, I just got mine in the mail today and have been shooting random macros of whatever I can find on my desk. It should be noted that if you plan on shooting in available inside lighting, a tripod is mandatory, since you should probably be stopping down for better quality macros. So I've been working with 20- to 30-second exposures at apertures of f/8 to 10. And so far I've been very pleased with the quality of the output images, and perplexed with the challenges this new area brings to my photographic experience. For instance, my 50mm f/1.8, pretty much the most widely owned lens in existence in my experience, now focuses between 6 and 8 inches where it used to focus between 1.5 ft and infinity, and the depth of field is much much shallower. This effect becomes less dramatic the longer the focal length of the lens is. And the instructions that come with the lens say it cannot be used at focal lengths of 24mm or shorter for this reason. As far as autofocusing goes, I can't comment, because I've pretty much been manually focusing exclusively to ensure tack-sharp images, which are what I've been getting. I can't compare this tube to that of Canon, but I can't imagine Canon's version being any better than this one, since they're both glassless tubes. I hear they might differ in how they relay EXIF data to your camera, but for my own purposes this makes no difference. In short, I've been very pleased with this purchase and strongly recommend this tube to anyone who wants to give macro shooting a try without breaking the bank.	Extension tubes are designed to enable a lens to focus closer than its normal set minimum focusing distance. Getting closer has the effect of magnifying your subject (making it appear larger in the viewfinder and in your pictures). They are exceptionally useful for macro photography, enabling you to convert almost any lens into a macro lens at a fraction of the cost while maintaining its original optical quality. The DG extension tubes have no optics. They are mounted in between the camera body ...
2761	Simply the Best for Macro shots!.....	Instead of buying an expensive Macro lens for shooting Macro, I did some research and found that buying the Kenko extension tube would give me the Macro effect I was looking for at a much lower price than buying a Macro lens. And, my research proved me right on!.. From "day one" in using the Kenko extension tube, my Macro shots have made me very very happy. Yes, I would recommend this 25mm Kenko to anyone interested in shooting Macro. And, I would also recommend buying the whole set of Kenko extension tubes, not only the 25mm...	Extension tubes are designed to enable a lens to focus closer than its normal set minimum focusing distance. Getting closer has the effect of magnifying your subject (making it appear larger in the viewfinder and in your pictures). They are exceptionally useful for macro photography, enabling you to convert almost any lens into a macro lens at a fraction of the cost while maintaining its original optical quality. The DG extension tubes have no optics. They are mounted in between the camera body ...
3143	What is this? Why do you need it?	I bought a 16 channel DVR and a couple of speed domes along with some fixed IR night vision cameras after having such success at my commercial building with the same security equipment and installed them in my home. Don't get me wrong - this is wonderful. To date (1 year) these have been used in 3 police investigations of B&E, arson, and hit & run. They are a visable deterrent to crime in the neighborhood. They also quickly become a visable mess inside. Every camera comes with a plug in "wall wart" or box type power supply. Multiply by 16 cameras and you see the issue - power strip city. It's not a fire hazard because each camera uses about 7 watts, so 16 cameras use less power than my TV set does. BUT IT IS UGLY! When you decide "The system is a keeper" you can buy this power supply box which allows you to power all of your 12 volt equipment from ONE supply instead of 16 (or more!). You'll need to wire in your products and be sure to separate ground from positive (a fluke T5 is great here as an install aid) . You also realize efficiency with ONE power supply, one plug, and all your cameras getting their power from it. It uses less power overall than the 16 wall warts plugged into power outlet strips, and it looks better. A last note, if you have other 12 volt items like battery conditioners which use a 12 VDC supply, you can wire them into this singular supply and clean up their mess of wall warts as well. Just be sure the product needs 12 volts DC (often abbreviated 12VDC or 12 with two lines, one sold above or below one dashed line) Like this: 12V ----- _____ (engineers symbol for DC power) Overall this is the greener solution for the environment because each wall wart wastes some power. By removing all of your 12 VDC wall warts from security cameras, routers, dsl modems, battery chargers, calculators, etc and using a singular supply you realize an efficiency gain at the power meter, which means less wasted power overall, a lower electric bill, and fewer emissions from the power plant. It looks nice and professional too, plus it is something you can do yourself. If you have ALOT of 12 VDC equipment, you will want to measure the actual amperage used to ensure you do not exceed the singular supply's output. The fluke clamp-on meter model 337 measures DC and stores peak DC values - most clamp on devices can not measure DC so you end up having to buy a high end unit, but they are nice when troubleshooting car electric systems. The fluke 337 which amazon no longer sells is able to help you here. You might look at ebay for other clampon DC meters. My system for attaching cords was to cut off the cable which came with my dsl modem power supply, battery charger, etc close to the wall wart, extend it if necessary, then run it into the distribution panel. For cameras it depended on the wire that fed the camera. Q-see and swann use female jacks to plug your wall wart into, and again cutting the original cable is easiest here. Otherwise you can cut the jack from the dc feedwire and attach an extension duplex wire to go into your panel. Unfortunately some of the q-see strainreliefs don't allow you to peal apart the power from the video signal, however if you use their bulk spool cable you can do this easily and have the video only part go to your DVR while the power part heads for the power panel. Believe it or not, This is easily a DIY project. Start by setting up the new 12 volt supply then migrate your loads over to it. You can work at your own pace because the wall warts you have will continue to operate. 12 volts is non-hazardous (about the same as your outside yard lights from malibu) and q-see has a safety cover over the high voltage section to prevent accidental contact. It is also well fused to prevent fires, something your wall warts lack quite often. Should you get stuck, my email is in my profile and I respond within a day. It's a well engineered product that is good for looks, good for the earth, and good for things other than just cameras!	BrandXYZ 18-Camera Power Distribution allows CCTV installers and system integrators to consolidate all power connections to one central location. Features a heavy-duty metal case for surface mount with LED indicators for each output. Special Circuit Design provides more protection on the connected devices. Use with our RG-59 bulk cable for easy, clean installations.
3144	Q-See QS121018	The panel worked without a hitch. Certainly works better than an individual power supply for each camera.	BrandXYZ 18-Camera Power Distribution allows CCTV installers and system integrators to consolidate all power connections to one central location. Features a heavy-duty metal case for surface mount with LED indicators for each output. Special Circuit Design provides more protection on the connected devices. Use with our RG-59 bulk cable for easy, clean installations.
3145	owner	We used this to replace a box that had a bad transformer. Would have been muck easier if we could have purchased just the transformer	BrandXYZ 18-Camera Power Distribution allows CCTV installers and system integrators to consolidate all power connections to one central location. Features a heavy-duty metal case for surface mount with LED indicators for each output. Special Circuit Design provides more protection on the connected devices. Use with our RG-59 bulk cable for easy, clean installations.
3262	Quiet value	I looked at quite a few cases before choosing this one.I chose it because of the price, the looks and because it was designed to keep things quiet. Also I desired an energy efficient power supply.The included 380w Antec Earth Watts 80plus power supply has no problem powering my nvidia 9800GT pciExpress card, dual-core processor and four sticks of ram. The result of my build is a PC that can sip power for home theater tasks but can also shift gears for a little gaming.	The first desktop in BrandXYZs award winning Solution Series of enclosures has arrived. The NSK2480 Desktop case features a unique triple-chamber structure, designed to isolate the heat and noise produced by the power supply and hard drives, ensuring a quiete computing environment. Along with its exceptional ventilation and attractively understated styling, the NSK2480 also includes an 80 PLUS Certified EarthWatts 380 Watt ATX12Vv2.2 power supply with universal input and Active PFC, so you can p...
3263	Great Home Theater PC case	The case is easy to use, with all standard sizes and connections and a roomy interior. Even with the space inside, it was small enough to fit into my AV rack. I really liked the way they made baffles to isolate the heat from the power supply from the rest of the system, while having an adjustable sliding door to allow cables to pass. The fans are quiet but still audible. The only improvement I would have liked would be slightly quieter fans.	The first desktop in BrandXYZs award winning Solution Series of enclosures has arrived. The NSK2480 Desktop case features a unique triple-chamber structure, designed to isolate the heat and noise produced by the power supply and hard drives, ensuring a quiete computing environment. Along with its exceptional ventilation and attractively understated styling, the NSK2480 also includes an 80 PLUS Certified EarthWatts 380 Watt ATX12Vv2.2 power supply with universal input and Active PFC, so you can p...
3267	Perfect alternative to Lee's holder	Seriously, why pay more for the same thing. The construction and material of the Cokin Z-Pro filter holder is identical to the Lee holder. If you're not too concerned with "looking" pro, get the Cokin. It's an excellent holder.	Z-121L Gradual Gray G2 Filter (ND2). Often it is necessary or desirable to balance the light intensity in one part of a scene with another. This is especially true in situations where you don't have total light control, as in bright contrasty landscapes. Exposing for the foreground will produce a washed-out, over-exposed sky while exposing for the sky will leave the foreground dark and under-exposed. BrandXYZ graduated gray ND filters are part clear, part neutral density. They allow the transiti...
3388	Easy and Works	After working extensively with the manufacturer of both my video card and LCD TV, I could not find an explanation, nor a solution to the problem I was facing: I have an HTPC with a nVidia 9000 series video card, outputting via DVI to HDMI input on my full Hi-Def LCD TV and whenever I turned off the TV, the signal would stop form the video card's DVI port, reverting back to VGA output. I would then have to re-enable DVI output and increase the resolution to get Hi-Def output again. Seeing as the HTPC stays on all the time (to record TV) and is the primary use of that TV (monitor), I couldn't keep making this switch or leave the TV on all the time. I called Gefen and their pre-sales folks answered ALL of my questions. Again, neither the video card manufacturer, nor the TV maker, had ANY clue as to what the problem was and kept telling me "it should just work". I took the plunge and bought this device, got it very quickly and followed the SIMPLE instructions to get it to work EXACTLY AS PROMISED. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is the price. For a tiny little box with an EEPROM in it, it's too expensive! Not only does my DVI output continue to work, even when the TV is powered off or unplugged, this device programmed on the first try AND passes though Blu-Ray movies in Full HD. I believe the reason the one negative review was unable to get this device to work is that Apple employs a proprietary copy-protection methodology that requires special cabling and signaling to playback material, above and beyond HDCP. This device DOES pass HDCP information when set as directed by the manual, as proved by the fact that my Blu-Ray movies actually play back! I cannot tell Gefen how amazingly useful this product is and how much I will sing its praises. The HTPC market is just completely being ignored as content providers want us to use their DVRs and allow them to control what content we receive and as console gaming whips PC-gaming's rear end. I'm not going to even get into Net Neutrality, but given the special interests involved in locking us all into contracts for equipment rental, it's good to know that at least some companies are listening to our requests and providing us with the tools we need to consume what we pay for on our terms.	Computers and HDTV video source devices can sometimes lose the EDID - basically the electronic identification of a display which lists its possible resolutions and frequencies. When displays are switched away or disconnected and then reconnected, the EDID can be lost and the computer or HD video source device can lose the ability to display the image properly.The BrandXYZ DVI Detective Plus allows you to switch or relocate HDTV or computer video displays while "tricking" the source devices into ...
3389	Works for me; no problem with Mac Mini to Yamaha Receiver	I'm not certain it's doing anything (because I don't want to unplug it to find out), but after reading how Mac Mini's had problems when used in a Home Theater setup, which causes the display to get disconnected from the Mac (when another input is selected for viewing on the display), I figured I'd be proactive and got the DVI detective at the same time as the Mac Mini. Hooked it up; programming it was simple. Have not had any problems with the Mac Mini; it always "sees" the display, and wakes up fine. Mac Mini -> MiniDVI to DVI cable that comes with the Mini -> DVI M/M adapter -> DVI detective -> (to get the audio from the Mini) -> HDMI input on Yamaha receiver.	Computers and HDTV video source devices can sometimes lose the EDID - basically the electronic identification of a display which lists its possible resolutions and frequencies. When displays are switched away or disconnected and then reconnected, the EDID can be lost and the computer or HD video source device can lose the ability to display the image properly.The BrandXYZ DVI Detective Plus allows you to switch or relocate HDTV or computer video displays while "tricking" the source devices into ...
9845	TOTAL CARD FAILURE !!! PICTURES LOST !!	I bought this card for my wife because she hates the whole downloading process. I set the card up in her camera (Cannon) and downloaded a few pictures to our computer. It worked. We went to Xmas eve and took about 30 pictures and then the card failed. The card is not recognized by either of our cameras or on either of our computers. The card is basically dead. I'm guessing all the pictures are lost. If you go to the Eye-Fi forum you will see that this same thing has happened to dozens of people in just the last few days. The card works for a few pictures and then dies. It's not just this "Home" card but all the Eye-fi cards that are affected. Eye-Fi has a serious quality control problem. I'm not sure that I'll be able to use these products again. Pictures are all about special occasions - the memory card needs to be rock solid - utterly dependable and these products are not. WHICH PHOTOS WOULD YOU WANT TO RISK LOSING?	The BrandXYZ Home wirelessly connects to your home Wi-Fi network and uploads your pictures automatically. When your computer is turned on, the Card delivers your pictures to the assigned folder on your computer or directly into iPhoto.
9847	Eye Fi SD Card	It took me two tries to load the software on my Vista Computer. It connects with my computer and transfers photos easily from my Nikon D40. I have just tested it with a couple of photo's.	The BrandXYZ Home wirelessly connects to your home Wi-Fi network and uploads your pictures automatically. When your computer is turned on, the Card delivers your pictures to the assigned folder on your computer or directly into iPhoto.
3390	worthless	I'm extremely sorry to say this device is completely worthless. (I really needed the functionality it claimed to have, and I'm not aware of any good alternatives, except other models from the same company.) Basically, it doesn't reliably pass 1080p video, despite claiming to do so. In fact, this is the special model that does the HDCP handshake specifically to support HD content. But I tried using it in both of its modes -- learning and built-in EDID profiles -- and it failed in both modes. I never got *any* video to display using its learning mode. And using one of its built-in EDID profiles (by setting the appropriate dip switches), I got a video signal for a while, but it would first degrade, showing "sparklies", and then lose the HDMI handshake entirely, thus causing the display device to drop the video signal entirely. I think the unit learned the correct EDID info in its learning mode, and I think it had a valid EDID specification in its built-in mode, but either way it would not pass video reliably (or at all). Like I said, worthless. (EDID is the "Extended Display Identification Data" that computers, graphics cards, displays, and other audio/video gear use to describe their display capabilities. For example, it's how your computer knows what resolutions your monitor supports.) Thank you Amazon for good customer service in general and a reasonable return policy in particular.	Computers and HDTV video source devices can sometimes lose the EDID - basically the electronic identification of a display which lists its possible resolutions and frequencies. When displays are switched away or disconnected and then reconnected, the EDID can be lost and the computer or HD video source device can lose the ability to display the image properly.The BrandXYZ DVI Detective Plus allows you to switch or relocate HDTV or computer video displays while "tricking" the source devices into ...
3420	Fair amt to leart about the back panel, but easy to use.	Don't have a super large system, so I got this Furman unit as I felt it was right for the power my system uses. It's very easy to hook up and use, and seems to be built like a tank. My only question of Furman is, "What if you have mono-block amps?" as there's only one of the 13 outlets on the back marked "amp", but as most amps are stereo and not mono-block, for the vast majority of us the question does not arise (true for me, too). Anyway, it's a great value! Mark Zimmerman, the Bipolar Bear, Chicago	For over 33 years, BrandXYZ has pioneered the development of AC power products for the most demanding audio, video, and broadcast professionals. Though the need for pristine AC power is nothing new, the Elite-15 Power Factor i's technology and its unique implementation are revolutionary and without peer. With BrandXYZ's exclusive Linear Filtering Technology, televisions, projectors, DVD players, amplifiers, and processors are fed linearly filtered AC power. This dramatically reduces noise, ensur...
3436	Awesome add-on telephoto lens	This Raynox high definition 2.2x telephoto lens is awesome. I've used it on both a Panasonic and Kodak digital 18X zoom cameras with excellent results. The colors are brilliant and the definition is very good. Would recommend it highly.	Includes BrandXYZ DCR-2025PRO High Definition Telephoto Lens 2.2X With 43;52;55;58MM Adapters LS-082 Lens Shade.
3437	Works great with my Lumix FZ-18	I have clicked a few pictures of birds etc from this, good telephoto, has doubled by existing focal length of 504 mm. The camera has to be held really steady and running behind birds can become a nightmare but then that is with any such telephoto. Comes with 4 lens adapters and fits perfectly.	Includes BrandXYZ DCR-2025PRO High Definition Telephoto Lens 2.2X With 43;52;55;58MM Adapters LS-082 Lens Shade.
3438	Good to go	Works great....pictures are sharp and it really brings them up close. Just be careful treading it to your camera....fine treads want to cross thread very easily, but that would be true of any ad on lense.	Includes BrandXYZ DCR-2025PRO High Definition Telephoto Lens 2.2X With 43;52;55;58MM Adapters LS-082 Lens Shade.
3439	Nice Lense	This is a fine lense with the adapters included as well as the sun shield.	Includes BrandXYZ DCR-2025PRO High Definition Telephoto Lens 2.2X With 43;52;55;58MM Adapters LS-082 Lens Shade.
3503	Outstanding product	I make a lot of outdoor recording when the light control is not easy, this stroboframe is easy to carry, lightweight and strong and make my job extremely easy. For shooting on the road is a must have product.	Portable light modifiers?definitely one of the easier, more convenient ways to get dramatically better photographic results! If you're at all serious about photography, you should have a set of these with you whenever you're shooting. In terms of the durability and reflectivity of our fabrics, the strength of our foldable steel frames, and the color choices, and then compare prices?you'll see our value is unbeatable! Get the lighting right, right away. This Translucent 42" comes in its own carry...
3512	pleasantly surprized!	I was looking for a 2nd mp3 player that is more portable than my 30G Archos. Musicality comes first for me, and i was impressed with what this player could produce. It's not equal to any Archos, but with decent headphones it packs a punch and can be listened to for hours on end without any fatigue. It has many unique features that can not be found anywhere else. If you're looking for a durable, inexpensive, and high quality in music (everything the ipod falls short of) I would recommend getting this. NOTE- make sure to download the firmware update from transcend, take the time to read the instructions or it will be hell figuring out the buttons, oh, and some really great headphones (NOT EARBUDS!) are beyerdynamic or zalman- if you can find 'em.	Amazon.com Product Description Listening to MP3 music should be quick, easy, and satisfying. The T.sonic 650 is simple to use and has all the features you need in an MP3 player. It also has a slim, compact shape that slides comfortably into your pocket or purse, and is so lightweight that you might even forget it's there. With a built-in recordable FM radio, easy one-touch voice recording, and, most importantly, hours of high-quality MP3 and WMA music with DRM10 support, the T.sonic 650 sets a n...
3513	Basic, cheap Player	This MP3-player was supposed to replace a 512MB Philips Model because the memory just wasn't enough. I've had high expectations since the Philips one was really good and I never had any problems. If you want only the basics (simply play music) without any expansive extras, I highly recommend you this player. It is a good quality, cheap, small and easy to handle. And the 4GB of memory are more than enough for the average music collection. I've had only very few, minor problems with this player and the sound quality is great, even with the supplied headphones it's okay. Five stars for one of the few cheap, easy players left on the market.	Amazon.com Product Description Listening to MP3 music should be quick, easy, and satisfying. The T.sonic 650 is simple to use and has all the features you need in an MP3 player. It also has a slim, compact shape that slides comfortably into your pocket or purse, and is so lightweight that you might even forget it's there. With a built-in recordable FM radio, easy one-touch voice recording, and, most importantly, hours of high-quality MP3 and WMA music with DRM10 support, the T.sonic 650 sets a n...
3912	A Great Product	This little recorder gives great sound with little fuss and almost no effort. It's just the thing for field reporting, for bands that want to check their sound, for faculty looking to add audio of class presentations to review materials. It's also easy to digitize sound from other sources. Clean and crisp and a decent price.	The BrandXYZ DR-1 puts world-dominating power into your pocket. Its built-in stereo microphones include a unique variable angle mechanism, so you can set it to record from any angle. The DR-1 is the first portable recorder to include a 1GB card, so yo...
3913	Brilliant Recorder	I purchased this recorder for the purpose of recording performances of some of my compositions to create audition files on my website. I used it for the first time to record the premiere performance of one of my choral pieces in Scotland. I stood at the side of the cathedral church alongside a massed choir of 150 singers. The result was splendid. I am looking forward to more splendid results.	The BrandXYZ DR-1 puts world-dominating power into your pocket. Its built-in stereo microphones include a unique variable angle mechanism, so you can set it to record from any angle. The DR-1 is the first portable recorder to include a 1GB card, so yo...
3514	Great MP3 Player	I have used this player for 6 months now and I am completely satisfied with it. The storage capacity is huge. If you have any space left, you can you it to transfer data between computers. The sound quality is great when using decent headphones. The recording feature is very handy and easy to use. I would recommend upgrading the firmware to the latest version on the company website which will fix the volume problem I had initially. All in all, if you are looking for an inexpensive MP3 player with lots of storage, this little guy is just the thing!	Amazon.com Product Description Listening to MP3 music should be quick, easy, and satisfying. The T.sonic 650 is simple to use and has all the features you need in an MP3 player. It also has a slim, compact shape that slides comfortably into your pocket or purse, and is so lightweight that you might even forget it's there. With a built-in recordable FM radio, easy one-touch voice recording, and, most importantly, hours of high-quality MP3 and WMA music with DRM10 support, the T.sonic 650 sets a n...
3515	Excellent	Received the product as stated. This is the second transcend voice recorder/MP3 player that I have ordered. No complaints and delivered goods as stated.	Amazon.com Product Description Listening to MP3 music should be quick, easy, and satisfying. The T.sonic 650 is simple to use and has all the features you need in an MP3 player. It also has a slim, compact shape that slides comfortably into your pocket or purse, and is so lightweight that you might even forget it's there. With a built-in recordable FM radio, easy one-touch voice recording, and, most importantly, hours of high-quality MP3 and WMA music with DRM10 support, the T.sonic 650 sets a n...
3565	this thing works as advertised	I have some serious power running my stereo system. My lights were dimming at night, and i was even losing a little power in my vehicle. I installed this capacitor, and now i have a better sound with my system, deeper bass, and the truck is running fantastic! I only wish I hadn't waited as loneg as I did to install it. If your looking to improve your system, and get that stronger bass, and tired of having your lights dimming at night, then this is a great solution. It sure beats having to buy another alternator... I highly recommend putting out the extra money for this thing.	BrandXYZ 1 Farad Capacitor, Visit www.RockfordFosgate.com 24 hours a day for technical support or call (800)669-9899 M-F 7 am to 5 pm MST.
3566	Sturdy as expected	This is just what I expected from Rockford-Fosgate. It's sturdy, capable and smooth. Although my system is fairly small (1 amp, 2 10"'s) I had some major problems with headlights dimming. Install this baby, and now I have room to expand my system a little, maybe throw on another amp, a few extra speakers, or whatever. Using a 4ga Rockford Fosgate wire to hook this into my existing setup was a breeze. And I don't have any problems with static or white noise. It's exactly the quality you expect from Rockford Fosgate. If you're a heavier user than I am, you might consider purchasing the RFC1D which has a digital readout at the top of the capacitor.	BrandXYZ 1 Farad Capacitor, Visit www.RockfordFosgate.com 24 hours a day for technical support or call (800)669-9899 M-F 7 am to 5 pm MST.
3569	Positives and negatives	Cute little gadget. It is a comparatively fast and sensitive little Bluetooth GPS unit with a tiny display that can show Lat/Lon/Alt/Speed/Compass/etc. and has a backlight. It will also automatically or manually log waypoints and routes with a modest number of configurable options. It works great with my Treo 680 Smartphone and DeLorme Street Atlas USA 2006 Handheld Edition. In fact it is more reliable than my DeLorme Bluetooth GPS's. Running 12 hours on an alkaline AA battery is rather amazing. The fact that the accompanying software can export the saved waypoint and route data in a number of formats, including NMEA and Google Earth KMZ format is cool. The software is a bit primative but it seems to work. I hope they come out with some updates. Now for the negatives. The USB driver doesn't seem to work properly on XP!!! It seems to work okay on Win2K Pro. Fortunately it is possible to connect your XP PC and the data download software to the M-241 over Bluetooth and get the data off of it. Slowly. And Holux Technical Support (email to China) seems to be strictly a one-way communication medium. You send them emails and nothing ever comes back. Would I buy it again? Yes! It's cheap and works great as an amazingly sensitive and fast little GPS. And if you can negotiate the usual quirks and user hostility of Bluetooth, you can make it do everything that Holux promises it can do. However it sure would be nice if Holux fixed the stupid USB driver for XP! -Christopher Erickson	The M-241 is a high performance wireless GPS logger with the following features:. # Dual interface (Bluetooth + GPS-mouse by USB cable). # Compatible with Bluetooth Serial Port Profile (SPP) completely. # Powered by one AA battery. # LCD display to show position information, speed, capable logging memory size, date & time. # Capable memory size to record up to 130,000 positions, including longitude, latitude, time, and altitude. # Personal settings to select the logging mode by distance or time,...
3570	Royaltek RBT-2300 Vs Holux M-241 Reviewed	Here is a details review of both the GPS logger models and read on to see which one is a clear winner over the other. So I purchased the RBT-2300 and had some issues with the signal fix and one of my friend suggested to try the new Holux-M241, later realised the fix is due to the low signal level inside my apartment and its an issue with all GPS units. My main use is for Geotagging photographs and also to be used as GPS with my Nokia N73. Here are my observations on both the devices on a test I did this weekend. Specs: RoyalTek RBT-2300 with Nokia battery fully charged Holux M-241 with Energiser lithium battery fully charged Time to Acquire first fix: Tried both inside my flat and first fix was difficult, so moved both the devices to my Balcony, RBT-2300 acquired the fix in approx 12 minutes and the Holux took 15 minutes. Lock: The RBT-2300 was able to lock to the signals more easily than the holux M-241 when i moved inside my apartment, Royaltek lost signal one in 10 compared to Holux losing 4 times in 10. Logging: RBT starts logging the moment you switch it on and the GPS is fixed, no hassles to wait for the fix and then press the start button to start logging. Holux needs to get the fix first and then need to press the enter button to start logging. Log size: RBT : 180 days worth data or approx half million way points Holux : 130,000 Battery life: RBT using a Nokia batterly (860mAh) ran very good for 9 hours until the unit totally died. Holux using the new Energiser lithium battery (approx 2800mAh) ran for 6 hours till it totally died. Connecting to Smartphone: Both the devices were very easy to connect to my Nokia N73 using bluetooth, got connected immediately without any problems. Connecting to computer: RBT provides only bluetooth and connected pretty well, Holux uses both USB and bluetooth and connection was good. Software: RBT software is better then the Holux, remembers the selected Com port and also the folder location where GPS log file was last downloaded. Downloading LOG files: This is the main part where I started hating the Holux M-241, both took the same time to download using bluetooth, however the Holux files were empty without any log info in a previous test. Reliability: For any geotagging and logging purposes reliability of the data is more important, RBT has delivered proper ones till now and had no issues, but with the Holux, I was not able to download the data, this might be due to the fact that the battery got over and the unit switched off without stopping the log, now am not able to see the data in Holux, using the download tool, it crashes whenever I try to get the file. Verdict: Eventhough the looks of the Holux is better then the RBT, and the Holux has an attractive LCD display and many modes, it is clearly not a winner in the Geotagging scenario, may be it can be used as a GPS device for smartphones, but definitely never a reliable one for Geotagging, the reasons below. 1. For geotagging, i would prefer to switch on the device and start logging by default and if I dont want it, then I can switch it off, its ridiculous to wait for a signal and then to switch the logging on. 2. If the unit dies of low battery charge, I should atleast be able to get the proper log files from it, here Holux fails to impress. Overall the new Holux M-241 is just a beauty with absolutely no brains and does not seem to be very useful for logging and Geotagging world with a highly unreliable performance. Even though the RBT is simple and does not have any fancy display, it exactly does the job its claimed to do. so anybody planning to buy the Holux M-241, please assess these facts and base your decision on what you mainly intend to use the GPS for, if visual display of the GPS details is not much of a bother to you, better go with the RBT-2300. The Winner: [b]RBT-2300 is a clear winner[/b] compared to the Holux M-241.	The M-241 is a high performance wireless GPS logger with the following features:. # Dual interface (Bluetooth + GPS-mouse by USB cable). # Compatible with Bluetooth Serial Port Profile (SPP) completely. # Powered by one AA battery. # LCD display to show position information, speed, capable logging memory size, date & time. # Capable memory size to record up to 130,000 positions, including longitude, latitude, time, and altitude. # Personal settings to select the logging mode by distance or time,...
3571	Canadian North Woods	Product worked perfectly under very adverse conditions well north of Winnipeg, MB. Acquired satellites quickly and battery life worked out well. 6 Lithium AA's lasted for 10 days of canoeing. Unit operated well inside a small waterproof camera pouch even when the operator managed to dump the entire contents of the canoe in a very cold lake. Software works well for my needs and allowed some editing of photo tag and track. Took a day or two to get used to but I liked it.	The M-241 is a high performance wireless GPS logger with the following features:. # Dual interface (Bluetooth + GPS-mouse by USB cable). # Compatible with Bluetooth Serial Port Profile (SPP) completely. # Powered by one AA battery. # LCD display to show position information, speed, capable logging memory size, date & time. # Capable memory size to record up to 130,000 positions, including longitude, latitude, time, and altitude. # Personal settings to select the logging mode by distance or time,...
3572	Good value and functionality	I just purchased a new plasma flat panel and a blue ray player to add to my home theatre system including a Sony ES receiver, cd/dvd changer, VCR and xbox 360. I wanted more then a simple power strip for power conditioning and to make my wife happy I needed to purchase a plasma console that hides my electronic treasures so they don't dominate our living room. The issue for me, looking for IR repeater systems to remotely operate my equipment, I found a few but were either on the expensive side and not worth the money since I don't have long distances to wire or very cheaply made built with differnt manufacturer parts. When I was researching power conditioners I found the Monster Empowered Power Center Ep 3650 with IR Repeater functionality built in. Monster sells a lower line for those who like to spend less and can live with Stage 2 filtering. The EP3650 was just the answer to what I and I assume many others are looking for. Leave it to Monster to look outside of the box and provide a decent power conditioner with IR functionality. This device has stage 3 filtering which I believe is in the middle of Monster's line of capabilities and is enough for my needs. I found that the picture and audio are clearer now with this unit and a few times we had brown-outs and the system properly reacted and shut down protecting my precious new plasma. There are also inputs for for cable, phone and network connections so this device can protect just about everything I need. I like the bright blue LED display which is switchable between showing amps and volts, the display can be dimmed or brightened to either no display at all or a vibrant blue display that will satisfy us who like glowing blue lights (makes a great night light if the unit's display is visible). You can also either run a trigger lead from one of your pieces of equipment to switch the "switched" outlets on and off or use the front panel of this unit to switch them. My only feedback for improvement to Monster would be to increase the 'bite" that the outlets have, they seemed a bit loose to me however have not had any plugs come out unless you pull the unit out without first checking to see if you have enough cord length available to pull the unit out. As for the IR functionality, the front top and bottom of the faceplate has light blue IR receivers on it so if the unit is visible you can use it to receive your remote signals. In the back it has 6 IR outlets that you can run two IR eyelets each for a total of 12 devices that it can send signals to. Monster provides two each of 2 eyelet cables and one each of a single eyelet cables and one remote receiver to pick up your remote signals for in the case like me where all of my equipment is hidden inside of my console. I was expecting some sort of delay in signals but pleasantly surprised to have found none. My Pannasonic plasma has a small IR window at the bottom of the set that is not too good nor sensitive. I found that the IR functionality of the empower to be more sensitive and improved my remote's cabability (Logitech Harmony 659), I can now pretty much forget about precisley aiming at the plasma's small IR window. I also have the IR eyelets installed in the console on my Panasonic BD30 blueray, xbox360, Sony ES receiver, Sony 100 disk changer, Sony VCR all with no problems. I have had the empower for about a month and I have not experienced one missed command on any device, and believe it or not when playing my xbox360 I have not noticed any lag in commands whatsoever so I am quite pleased with the IR Performance. Overall I am very pleased with this product and would recomend it to anyone with the need for decent power conditioning/protection and IR repeater functionality. Everyone who comes over is very surpised to see no visible equipment but full remote functionality, plus my wife is happy that my equipment is descretely hiddend within our console furniture, that with full IR perfomance is a big win for all in our family.	The EP IR 3650 Empowered IR PowerCenter is a bold combination of design, advanced engineering, and convenient functionality. This new PowerCenter design delivers the advanced protection and performance that home theater enthusiasts expect while providing the ultimate in remote control convenience.First and foremost, EP IR 3650 provides advanced power conditioning and surge protection for high definition home theaters. It features new HD Clean Power filters specifically engineered to get maximum ...
3573	This is ultimate protection	This is a great item with excellent protection for any entertainment center. The RF function set up is easy to install and is quite the relief. Monster comes through once again with superior products.	The EP IR 3650 Empowered IR PowerCenter is a bold combination of design, advanced engineering, and convenient functionality. This new PowerCenter design delivers the advanced protection and performance that home theater enthusiasts expect while providing the ultimate in remote control convenience.First and foremost, EP IR 3650 provides advanced power conditioning and surge protection for high definition home theaters. It features new HD Clean Power filters specifically engineered to get maximum ...
3574	Expensive, but does a good job.	I originally purchased this because it included the IR repeater. I ended up buying a Harmony 900 RF remote because the IR sensor on the EP 3650 was huge and unsightly. After that, you have to ask if it was worth it to have a fancy surge protector. My answer is.....maybe. I had a high end shop set up 4 flat screens in my house, and they used these wall mountable little things behind them. If those are good enough, you have to wonder if the Monster is not just fluff. In any case, you can buy a UPS for a computer for much less and have a battery backup to your DVR so that those 2 second outages don't cause a reboot. I am actually thinking of adding in a UPS for just this reason, and wish I had thought about it before buying the Monster EP 3650.	The EP IR 3650 Empowered IR PowerCenter is a bold combination of design, advanced engineering, and convenient functionality. This new PowerCenter design delivers the advanced protection and performance that home theater enthusiasts expect while providing the ultimate in remote control convenience.First and foremost, EP IR 3650 provides advanced power conditioning and surge protection for high definition home theaters. It features new HD Clean Power filters specifically engineered to get maximum ...
3637	Watch the vignettes.	I got one of these for my Panasonic pvGS320. Nothing fancy. This little wide angle lens adds a bit of versatility for your compositional toolbox. I've had a hard time taking it off again. The only con is the lens interferes with the flash when you're in photo mode. No big deal. I love this little lens.	Ever take a picture and couldn't fit the whole family in the picture? Well not any more, with this 0.45x Super Wide Angle lens you will increase your angle of view by about 50% and be able to get everything in the picture and more!. Great for scenic and group shots, as well as room interiors and wherever you can't move further back to capture a wider perspective. A perfect lens for real estate agents!. Includes: Lens Bag, Front and Rear Lens Caps, 10 Year Warranty. COMPATIBLE WITH THE FOLLOWING ...
3638	Wide Angle Lens in Perfect Condition	I ordered this lens for my Gs-150 and it was exactly what i needed. Everything came in perfect condition and in 4 days which is when the estimated time of arrival was. Good job	Ever take a picture and couldn't fit the whole family in the picture? Well not any more, with this 0.45x Super Wide Angle lens you will increase your angle of view by about 50% and be able to get everything in the picture and more!. Great for scenic and group shots, as well as room interiors and wherever you can't move further back to capture a wider perspective. A perfect lens for real estate agents!. Includes: Lens Bag, Front and Rear Lens Caps, 10 Year Warranty. COMPATIBLE WITH THE FOLLOWING ...
3639	Weak features, horrible customer service, avoid Sonicwall	In a short amount of time working with Sonicwalls, I discovered quite a few issues. I do not recommend Sonicwall as a result. Perhaps the CONS below won't affect you, but at least be aware of them. PROS: Small form factor for UTM CONS: Horrible customer service (outsourced to India, unless you are certified) Long wait for customer service Dynamic DNS client bug that has yet to be resolved (see below) No DNS proxy intelligence for Split-Brain/Split horizon setup Very weak DHCP server options, only basics Poor documentation Customer Service: First off, understand that level 1 is outsourced to India. I tried opening an incident via their web interface, and after several days without progress, I decided to call. The customer service number I dialed put me on hold right after selecting Tech Support. At some point (30 minutes later) an individual answered, and collected my details, and put me back on hold. About an hour later, the system forced me to leave a message and hung-up. I tried this several times, until I finally did get through to tech support. Now the first person that answers the phone and collects details (to help route the call), fails (or they lack the mechanism) to notify the final tech-support person, so you must repeat the details of your case (I mean seriously, is it terribly difficult to relay such details?). The VOICE quality(of the call) is terrible, I imagine they are using VOIP to backhaul calls to India, and using high compression, bandwidth saving techniques which result in low quality (I specialize in VOIP, and I know what they do to save money). This makes life rather difficult when already dealing with heavily accented/overly polite tech support in India. The Dynamic DNS bug is quite simple. If you are getting the Enhanced O/S with the hopes of using dual ISP links (active/passive) and plan to use Dynamic DNS to maintain a simple hostname to dynamic ip mapping, you are out of luck. Dynamic DNS client on the Sonicwall is BOUND to the Primary WAN interface (how stupid is that?). They don't support Split Brain (aka Split horizon) DNS, in fact their DNS capabilities are non-existent. The other major players in this field support this, why not Sonicwall? DHCP - Where to begin? Its featureless, as weak as you can get it. It supports (options) DNS, WINS, Gateway, and a "callmanager" option. Thats it. Poor documentation: I was trying to tunnel all my VPN traffic (both inbound to lan, and internet). Getting this done was difficult, because of non-existent documentation on the subject. You need to add some special NAT rules to support this, but NOWHERE is this indicated. I tried communicating my disappointments to my Sonicwall sales rep, but it seems he can't "do anything about it". Sonicwall does not listen to customers (or at least in my size of business) - simply out of touch. I strongly recommend you consider another vendor (perhaps one of the top 2), as Sonicwall is out of touch with customers, and have a weak offering overall.	TZ 180 WIRELESS PERP10 NODE SECURITY APPLIANCE
3700	Love, LOVE this bag!	I bought this bag for my HP tx-2 12.3" tablet computer (directly from Mobile Edge for almost double the price!). I bought the pink version for my daughter (who has a slightly older version of the exact same computer) a couple of months back, so I knew what I was getting before I got it. It's VERY sturdy, plush, not to mention stylish. I know my computer is tucked safely away in this baby. It has enough room for my charger, some papers and/or a slim notebook, and has side pockets for a cell phone and a small bottle of water. It comes with a nifty neoprene sleeve for added protection of my beloved computer. Of note, the pink version of this bag comes with a slightly smaller pink sleeve that fits OUR computers perfectly, but some of the reviewers of that bag complained that the sleeve was too small for their 14.1" laptops. Those with 14.1" computers may do better with the peach bag, because it comes with a black neoprene sleeve that is a good bit larger (too large for MY little tablet, which is why I gave this 4 stars instead of 5). However, I'm happy to report that a quick phone call to Mobile Edge resulted in prompt deliver of one of the pink sleeves, free of charge. If you're looking for something other than the the same ole black nylon bag for your small-ish laptop, this is just the ticket!	The Cutebug Sheba features actual pulp magazine images from the 40's and 50's. This is the perfect day bag for work or an afternoon on the go! The Sheba is practical and unique with the option to carry with or without the laptop sleeve. Toting your gear never looked so good
3701	Stylish and very well-crafted	Loved the bag for it's stylish and playful use of vintage fiction. The real plus is how well-made the bag is. The materials and attention to detail are readily apparent. The bag is constructed in a way that it maintains it's shape and does not slump. Decent pockets and compartments. Love it!	The Cutebug Sheba features actual pulp magazine images from the 40's and 50's. This is the perfect day bag for work or an afternoon on the go! The Sheba is practical and unique with the option to carry with or without the laptop sleeve. Toting your gear never looked so good
3800	Compact and Easy to Use	I used to have a larger mass duplicator that took up nearly the entire desk and was such a pain to keep. This little thing is as fast as a unit can be with only one burner but you can just leave it and come back later, so burning time is not that big of a deal. If you need a lot of copies immediately then the only solution is a larger duplicator with more drives. Pros: No alignments necessary, uses Nero to burn so it is very stable, simple components so moving parts are reliable, LightScribes, never jams, and works exactly as advertised, Not heavy. Cons: Uses proprietary drive Firmware, which is ok, but if there needs to be an update this may take awhile. Uses USB no eSATA, but this may not be such a negative. Utilitarian Software. For the price this is the best automatic duplicator you can get in my opinion. The LightScribe capability works as well as any other drive and even though it is one color, the disc labels are professional looking when finished. The device includes one power cable and one standard USB cable for connecting to the PC, and the software used is standard NERO Essentials and Aleratec's own utility to operate the device. You use NERO to create a disc image such as an ISO file and then you use the Aleratec utility to load this file and burn it on up to 100 discs consecutively. It is simple to use and always works, unfortunately the user interface is simple and boring, but that is my opinion and the lack of other drive related utilities such as back up to disc would be great. But the core advertised functions of burning to CD's DVD's and LightScribe printing are all available. And the setup and running of these tasks is easy even for novices because of the simple user interface. This would be good for anybody who wants to duplicate a lot of discs and does not have the budget or want a more expensive and complicated robotic mass duplicator. This is a great product for this tough economy. The device is also very small, it can be put in a closet or shelf very easily if it is not in use, something other duplicators cannot do. I hope this is a helpful review since there are no others yet.	The DVD/CD RoboRacer LS has fewer moving parts for maximum reliability and ease of use. Yet, it is capable of multiple unattended direct to disc LightScribe labeling or unattended disc duplication. Just load it with 100 blank LightScribe discs, use your PC to select the disc image or label you desire with the powerful BrandXYZ Disc Publishing Suite. Make one test copy then enter the number of copies or labels you need and it will automatically produce up to 99 DVD/CD copies or clearly labeled di...
3802	Not as easy as other reviewer says	I found this unit slow and terribly unintuitive. The lightscribe function takes about 15 minutes per CD, way too long when you're doing 50 Cds. It was almost impossible to teach my admin how to duplicate as it is cumbersome.	The DVD/CD RoboRacer LS has fewer moving parts for maximum reliability and ease of use. Yet, it is capable of multiple unattended direct to disc LightScribe labeling or unattended disc duplication. Just load it with 100 blank LightScribe discs, use your PC to select the disc image or label you desire with the powerful BrandXYZ Disc Publishing Suite. Make one test copy then enter the number of copies or labels you need and it will automatically produce up to 99 DVD/CD copies or clearly labeled di...
3803	Best Compatible I've Found	The price of the "real" HP Q7516A toner cartridges from HP directly are well over $200 each and are increasingly harder to find from vendors on Amazon.com. I've tried (and returned) many of the compatibles being offered out there. Some had fairly good quality for the first half of the cartridge and then died quickly. I couldn't trust them to print consistently well. Others had poor quality to begin with. One set of cartridges I bought were so bad that the print was unreadable with lines and smears all over the pages. I was despairing of ever finding one that would work for us. (We are a non-profit with limited funds who publish at least 600 copies of a 32-page quarterly literary publication using 11" x 17" paper and use 3 cartridges each time.) When I finally tried Verbatim, it was a little more expensive than other compatibles, but much less than the authentic HP brand. After having used 5 full cartridges, so far, I've found the quality to be consistently good and almost identical in performance to the authentic HP brand. It gives me slightly fewer copies than HP, but I figure the price difference makes up for that. I highly recommend Verbatim products... at least this model... and hope that they will become more widely distributed via Amazon.com.	BrandXYZ offers an extensive range of monochrome (black) laser cartridges. Every cartridge is manufactured to the highest standards, print-tested prior to packaging, and performance is benchmarked against the OEM, guaranteeing quality and consistency, page after page.
3839	Coolsat rebate	Support for the coolsat has been lacking although the new models still have good support. Coolsat boxes are superior to the others. If you have a old model coolsat it can now be upgraded at a discount www.coolsatrebate.com	The new BrandXYZ 7100 PVR FTA receiver replaces the 7000 PVR model. The BrandXYZ 7100 PVR comes with 2 USB slots (front and back). BrandXYZ 7100 micro PVR allows you to tape all the best shows even when you are home! This receiver allows you to hook up your own hard drives and tape satellite tv shows whenever you want. The BrandXYZ 7100 comes with a 1GB USB flash drive, enabling You to record instantly, right out of the box.
3782	Really good phone - could have been great.	I got this phone because my 5.8 GHz phone system was having trouble reaching the three levels of my house. I was also looking for a phone system that had phone-book sharing capabilities, as well as a corded handset on the base for use during power outages, which are frequent in my part of the world. The phone is pretty good, but with the addition or improvement of its current features it could have been great. This phone satisfies me in all of these aspects. The range on it is great, even through multiple floors (I currently have the base on my top floor, and handsets on the bottom, with only minimal static despite a two floor separation.) Intercom features and transferring calls between stations works well, and there is a 'privacy mode' that will prevent other stations from entering your phone conversation if you desire, which is a nice touch. Audio quality is fine, although I have not thoroughly tested it. The speakerphone on the base is pretty good; I like the fact that you can put the base on speaker and then hang up the corded handset without hanging up the call, which is the case on some other base speakerphones. The phone book sharing isn't centrally based; you can 'copy' a handset or the base's phone book to any other station, one at a time. Duplicate numbers appear to be either skipped or overwritten, so you don't end up with redundant entries. It works fairly well. I would have liked some software and a computer link to download contacts from my computer, or maybe a bluetooth connection to download contacts from a mobile phone. CallerID does not use your phone book entries to display the names of 'known' callers; it simply uses your network's caller ID default (in my case, the number only.) This is a little disappointing. The included handset, the DCX 200, is basic, with fairly cheap buttons, is incredibly light (almost too light), and for some reason doesn't display the time. Only the base station displays the time. The DCX 300 handset is supposedly compatible with this phone system, so I may order one to see if it is markedly improved over the somewhat lackluster DCX 200. The base station is of better quality; although still quite light, the buttons are of the 'raised' style, providing better tactile feedback. The corded phone of the base station is usable during a power outage, which is handy. The menu system on both the handset and the base station is a bit difficult and counter-intuitive to use; Uniden should take some pointers from some of the more user-friendly mobile phones in the market and redesign their menu interface. If you're looking for a phone replacement that won't interfere with wireless networks or mobile phones, this Uniden DECT phone system is a good option. You can expand the base station, which is a phone by itself with its own keypad and phonebook for dialing, with up to six additional handsets. The range and 'penetration' of the signal is greatly improved over 5.8 GHz phones, but would only be a marginal improvement over the 2.4 GHz range phones. With some refinement Uniden could make this an exceptional phone system, but it is still a very good phone system at a pretty reasonable price.	Amazon.com Product Description Keep in touch with friends and family with the BrandXYZ DECT2088 Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering System. Packed with advanced features, this easy-to-use system offers a dual keypad and caller ID capabilities. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; ...
3783	A dollars and good sense purchase!	Recently bought this phone, and am entirely happy with the purchase. I was looking for a DECT 6.0, as I'd had one living over in England. I'm a big believer in the technology. Initially was looking for a Panasonic, however happened across this Uniden at a great price. PLUS, really wanted to have a corded phone along with a cordless option. There is what I'd say is a very accurate review already posted that goes into some depth on the phone, so I don't need to go into the nitty-gritty here. A few comments though: * Clarity is great! I hear calls great, and I'm told my voice is heard loud and clear on the other side. * I've had no problem with range, I can use the handset phone outside with great clarity and that's quite a ways away from the base. Anywhere in the house is good. * No Wi-Fi interference, and I've got two Wi-Fi networks in the house. I was concerned about this from reports on other phone manufacturers. * Base ringer volume is fine for me. I just carry the handset if I'm not by the base and expect a call. * You can transfer address book from handset to base/handset. * Like having the speakerphone on both base and handset. * Handset has a headset jack plug-in. Happy about that. * Handset has different ring tones if desired. * I am fine with the handset, works and sounds fine. Although, might look at the DCX300 as next handset to add. * I like the base design personally. Raised keys are nice. Based on clarity, range, no wi-fi interference, and price, this is a 5 star purchase for me.	Amazon.com Product Description Keep in touch with friends and family with the BrandXYZ DECT2088 Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering System. Packed with advanced features, this easy-to-use system offers a dual keypad and caller ID capabilities. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; ...
3907	Wish it was 5 stars...	Bought my DR-1 through Amazon reseller NVS and received a unit that was functionally operable, but crippled. Everything "worked" but the recording sensitivity was woeful, never getting above 30% even when I (an opera singer) shouted into MIC1 from six inches away, on highest input and gain levels. Even so, I was able to (barely) record a live recital so it was audible, but very low quality. Interviews with singers at 18-inch mouth-to-mic distance and max gain sounded darn good at 48kHZ. Tascam customer service recommended returning the unit to the supplier for replacement, which I did (Note: they only responded to email sent via Amazon). The reseller promptly replaced the unit within just a few days (and credited my shipping cost for almost the right amount, which I'll chalk up to dyslexia on their part). The replacement unit works fine (peaks the meter as expected), but HAD NO SERIAL NUMBER!!! Oh well, I guess I'll make it work. Bottom line: This is probably a fine unit, and I expect to get a lot of use out of it. No operational problems with the concert I recorded so I expect to use it for lots of live events in future. Big lesson for me: BEWARE AMAZON RESELLERS. That low price may not be worth the hassle.	The BrandXYZ DR-1 puts world-dominating power into your pocket. Its built-in stereo microphones include a unique variable angle mechanism, so you can set it to record from any angle. The DR-1 is the first portable recorder to include a 1GB card, so yo...
3908	Good recorder. But no mounting place to put it on mic stand or a tripod.	Only thing I am not satisfied is that there is no mounting place(like a nut at the bottom of every camera) Therefore it is difficult to place it properly when recording.	The BrandXYZ DR-1 puts world-dominating power into your pocket. Its built-in stereo microphones include a unique variable angle mechanism, so you can set it to record from any angle. The DR-1 is the first portable recorder to include a 1GB card, so yo...
3784	some good, some bad	The main problem with this phone is that the corded handset does not feed your voice back into the earpiece, so the phone sounds like it is dead, when in fact it is working and the person at the other end can hear you just fine. Makes you speak more loudly than necessary. Also, this phone suffers from the handset shrinking disease. The corded handset is even smaller than on the 5.8GHz model, making it harder to hold, and causing the microphone to be nowhere near your mouth. The speakerphone is nice and loud while maintaining good fidelity, and the earpiece likewise. Corded earpiece is much louder than the Uniden 5.8 GHz model I tried. User interface is really bad. But, the manual is halfway decent. Halfway. LCD displays on base and cordless handsets are good. LCD on cordless is on all the time, but backlight comes on only when receiving, speaking, or calling. Cordless handset has good volume. No battery backup, hence many functions missing if no AC power. But, you should connect it to your UPS; it only draws a couple of watts. Another annoying feature is that on the base, when you start to dial a call, there is a delay before the dialing tones are heard, even though there is no delay in the pushbutton beeps. This can be very confusing and make you misdial. Better to wait about 3 seconds for the phone to boot up and have no such delay.	Amazon.com Product Description Keep in touch with friends and family with the BrandXYZ DECT2088 Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering System. Packed with advanced features, this easy-to-use system offers a dual keypad and caller ID capabilities. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; ...
9982	best bargain out there	I am the type of person that appreciates great quality, but I like it best when quality and value merge. That is what you get with these headphones. The first thing I noticed about these was the mass, they are easily three times the weight of OEM (not heavy, they are ear-buds) these actually have magnets in em! I looked all over for a good bud at a good price and didn't want to go the IEM route, entry fee is way too steep to get into quality and I like to be able to be aware of my surroundings (I wear them at work occasionally). I was a little scared at first they didn't sound $50 better than my aftermarket sonys but after a solid 24 hour burn-in they were fantastic. I have had these for about 8 months and have not been careful with them (carry them unprotected in my pockets all the time with my sansa clip, keys, whatever) and they are still going strong. These are a no-brainer unless you have unlimited resources.	System includes. * PK3 earphones. * 1/4" stereo phone adapter plug. * Foam eartips. * Storage boxs
3785	Decent Phone	Operationally, this phone is not as intuitive as my other Uniden but all in all a good purchase. I'd buy it again.	Amazon.com Product Description Keep in touch with friends and family with the BrandXYZ DECT2088 Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering System. Packed with advanced features, this easy-to-use system offers a dual keypad and caller ID capabilities. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; ...
4262	* * Incredible Reception T9680RSAME Motorola 2 Way Radio * * *	After have bought a Cobra LI-5600-2 DX VP Micro talk 20-Mile Range 2-Way Radio - 2 Pack, I have decided to return these to Best Buy Store, because it doesn't charge the lithium battery completely and additionally it has a bad reception between radios, so I have decided to buy a Motorola 2 Way Radio model T9680RSAME. It is a solid, comfortable and reliable 2 ways. It has a great sound and clear communication between radios in or out of the city. I live in Monterrey Mexico and I can communicate with them easily in anywhere (In Monterrey there are Mountains around the city). Great Radios and the cost it is cheap	With a range of up to 28 miles, the Talkabout? T9680RSAME uses both FRS and GMRS frequencies, providing more channels. iVOX hands-free communication without the need of an audio accessory
4263	Hand Held Radios	The radios were purchased for local (Virginia ) use as a result of using a like item while big game hunting in Wyoming. The radios have excellent range and surpass in every operational mode our previous Motorola radios.	With a range of up to 28 miles, the Talkabout? T9680RSAME uses both FRS and GMRS frequencies, providing more channels. iVOX hands-free communication without the need of an audio accessory
4267	Motorola radios	Great radios. SAME works perfect and can be a lifesaver here in the Midwest. Radios work well for our intended use. Haven't tested extreme distance yet. Seem very rugged.	With a range of up to 28 miles, the Talkabout? T9680RSAME uses both FRS and GMRS frequencies, providing more channels. iVOX hands-free communication without the need of an audio accessory
4268	Nice radios	Radios worked good for hunting. Able to turn off roger calls. Didn't test the distance too far but worked for under a mile. Overall, would buy them again.	With a range of up to 28 miles, the Talkabout? T9680RSAME uses both FRS and GMRS frequencies, providing more channels. iVOX hands-free communication without the need of an audio accessory
4269	So far so good	Have not had a chance to use it yet. So far, it works well with testing at home. Will come in handy when camping in remote areas when cell phones are not reliable.	With a range of up to 28 miles, the Talkabout? T9680RSAME uses both FRS and GMRS frequencies, providing more channels. iVOX hands-free communication without the need of an audio accessory
4270	Motorola T9680RSAME 2-Way FRS/GMRS Radio Pair	Nice radios, however the range is nowhere near the stated distance. On land it will work ok till about a mile or two max. Battery life is not all that great either.	With a range of up to 28 miles, the Talkabout? T9680RSAME uses both FRS and GMRS frequencies, providing more channels. iVOX hands-free communication without the need of an audio accessory
3786	Not a good purchase.	I have only had these phones (cordless/corded set) for three months and I can't call out on either phone. It automatically goes back to a dial tone. I am waiting to hear from their customer service (takes 3-4 days)but if I do have to send it in for repair, I have to pay shipping which is a crock because it is under warranty and Uniden should have to pay for all costs associated w/repairs. Plus, I may get a refurbished phone which means I will be getting someone else's problem! This will probably be my first and last Uniden purchase. Unfortunately, from the reviews I have read, most phones these days aren't made any better.	Amazon.com Product Description Keep in touch with friends and family with the BrandXYZ DECT2088 Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering System. Packed with advanced features, this easy-to-use system offers a dual keypad and caller ID capabilities. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; ...
10041	Good Value	I purchased this for my FujiFilm FinePix S2000HD. I wanted this card for the 16GB and for the class 6. look closely at most SD, and SDHC cards even those offered by Kingston or Transcend, and SanDisk. You will see that there are 2, 4, class cards and which means that they read and write data slower. The A-DATA card is rated at class 6. You will have a shorter wait time when saving photos you just takin on your camera. If you are looking for a good 16GB Class 6 card for takin photography or video recording this is it. This will outperforms other cards because of its class 6 speed. And with the 16GB storage it can hold a lot of photography. In my FujiFilm FinePix S2000HD it can hold (3304 on {10MP}F and 6234 on {10MP}N) (set it on {5MP} you get 11844) and over 21000 on {2MP} 16:9. I do currently recommend this to anyone looking for a good value	The best choice for high-end digital devices!This BrandXYZ Turbo SDHC (Secure Digital High Capacity) memory card has an enormous 16 GB capacity to hold all your precious moments and memories. This card is rated a Class 6 performance card which means the card has a guaranteed write speed of at least 6 MB/second to greatly reduce time between shots. For those high-end digital devices users, this BrandXYZ Turbo SDHC memory card will ensure you capture every "picture-perfect" moment!
3788	best ever	I like the product very much its better then what i had so am very satisfy with it thank you very much.	Amazon.com Product Description Keep in touch with friends and family with the BrandXYZ DECT2088 Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering System. Packed with advanced features, this easy-to-use system offers a dual keypad and caller ID capabilities. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; ...
4386	Great Product	I have owned a Linksys B wireless router for over 4 years. I have too many products competing for a wireless signal so I decided to upgrade to the 110. The only issue I had is where I had to call tech support to find out where in the router's menu could I change the output to B/G. I have the following items connected PS3 XBOX 360 iPod Touch XP Laptop Vista Laptop Mac iBook XP Desktop I usually have the one laptop and a video game console going at the same time and don't notice any problems. The router is on the second floor and the video games systmes and laptops are on the first floor. I don't have experience with any other companies and I would continue to use Linksys products.	The RangePlus Wireless Router is really three devices in one box. First, there`s the Wireless Access Point, which lets you connect to the network without wires. There`s also a built-in 4-port full-duplex 10/100 Switch to connect your wired-Ethernet devices together. Finally, the Router function ties it all together and lets your whole network share a high-speed cable or DSL Internet connection. With the BrandXYZ RangePlus Wireless Router at the center of your home or office network, you can shar...
4388	Known Firmware Problems, Not Vista Certified	The WRT110's firmware has significant problems that are known and have not been addressed by the manufacturer. These result in intermittent connection failures when multiple devices are connected (uhm... and the purpose of a router would be?) See the link below. http://forums.linksys.com/linksys/board/message?board.id=Wireless_Routers&message.id=99803 Also note that Linksys' site indicates that the WRT110 is not Vista certified and as such not fully supported. Typically when I read two star or lower ratings, I often discount them because consumers have not read the manuals or otherwise taken advantage of the support resources available to them. Not the case here I'm afraid.	The RangePlus Wireless Router is really three devices in one box. First, there`s the Wireless Access Point, which lets you connect to the network without wires. There`s also a built-in 4-port full-duplex 10/100 Switch to connect your wired-Ethernet devices together. Finally, the Router function ties it all together and lets your whole network share a high-speed cable or DSL Internet connection. With the BrandXYZ RangePlus Wireless Router at the center of your home or office network, you can shar...
3789	Drops calls!!	This would be a great phone if it did not occasionally drop calls!! Every few weeks, in the middle of a call, the handset suddenly drops the call. In every case, I have been less than 15 feet from the base. Twice I was sitting right next to it. Extremely annoying!!!	Amazon.com Product Description Keep in touch with friends and family with the BrandXYZ DECT2088 Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering System. Packed with advanced features, this easy-to-use system offers a dual keypad and caller ID capabilities. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; ...
4459	fail.	Router ceased all effective functionality within one month of purchase. Wireless connection was never reliable, and attempting to connect a laptop eventually caused even wired connections to cease functioning. Linksys took an RMA and sent a replacement, which has now reached its seventh and final week of use. Laptops cannot connect, my desktop can use an ethernet cable with the router only with regular hard restarts, which return the router to factory default. This router model has problems. I would be hesitant to purchase one without substantial firmware upgrades (that don't seem to happen quickly).	The RangePlus Wireless Router is really three devices in one box. First, there`s the Wireless Access Point, which lets you connect to the network without wires. There`s also a built-in 4-port full-duplex 10/100 Switch to connect your wired-Ethernet devices together. Finally, the Router function ties it all together and lets your whole network share a high-speed cable or DSL Internet connection. With the BrandXYZ RangePlus Wireless Router at the center of your home or office network, you can shar...
4464	Pretty Good, Sleek design	I was excited when this was dropped off this morning. I originally had a wireless modem from my local phone company and it was horrible. I would lose my connection constantly, I would have one or two bars at the other end of my house which is only one story and about 1200 Sq feet. Set up was a breeze for me. All I did was turn off the wireless for my old modem hooked the WRT110 to it then ran the setup disk. I am now getting 4 to 5 bars at the other end of the house as a am writing this review. Now when watching Netflix on my 360 I am getting Excellent quality. The router software interface is a little confusing but once you tinker with it it will become very easy to use. Bottom line for an inexpensive router the WRT110 is well done. The range for me is great and easy to use. 4/5 stars	The RangePlus Wireless Router is really three devices in one box. First, there`s the Wireless Access Point, which lets you connect to the network without wires. There`s also a built-in 4-port full-duplex 10/100 Switch to connect your wired-Ethernet devices together. Finally, the Router function ties it all together and lets your whole network share a high-speed cable or DSL Internet connection. With the BrandXYZ RangePlus Wireless Router at the center of your home or office network, you can shar...
3790	No other corded/cordless brands to choose from!	Just received this, set it up and instantly found that the ringer on the handset, on high is ridiculously LOW! I called Uniden twice about this; when you call a recording comes on and instructs you how to change the ringer on the handset (obviously they have had problems regarding this issue). I had already set the ringer to high so I wanted to speak with someone about it, I got through pretty quickly to a live person. Her attitude was very bad, could care less and she told me "it wasn't an issue & she hadn't had any calls about it". She didn't want to be bothered. I called back, got another person who was a little more friendly, told me right away that they had many calls about this, but nothing could be done about it. So, I decided I'm going to see how it goes for a week or so...I set this up in my home office I needed the corded phone because sometimes when the power goes out I have to dig out an old corded phone, crawl under the desk and swap it out. Got tired of doing this so decided to spend a bit more and get the Uniden. I put the handset in our den so if I'm out of the office I can answer using the handset. Be warned if there is any noise going on (TV,dishwasher, etc) you won't hear it ring on high. I'm now carrying it around with me to avoid missing a call. Two weeks ago I purchased the Panasonic cordless with 4 handsets for my house (these are the Dect models), love them! Easy to set up & calls are clear. Too bad Panasonic doesn't make a corded Dect phone system! I would suggest you don't purchase this unless you absolutely have to have it. The sound is clear enough, but just may return it and go back to dealing with power outages the old way & put my old 2.4 Panasonic up.	Amazon.com Product Description Keep in touch with friends and family with the BrandXYZ DECT2088 Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering System. Packed with advanced features, this easy-to-use system offers a dual keypad and caller ID capabilities. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; ...
3791	functional, but ugly	the pictures are deceptive. it is *a lot* uglier than the pictures represent. the areas of the stock photographs that appear dark grey (the buttons and rim around around the outside are a bright silver plastic attempting to look like the the brushed aluminum of the products by Apple. It is a pure victory of function over form. It looks like a $30 phone.	Amazon.com Product Description Keep in touch with friends and family with the BrandXYZ DECT2088 Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering System. Packed with advanced features, this easy-to-use system offers a dual keypad and caller ID capabilities. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; ...
3792	Disappointing	Very bad coverage. It's unimaginable to see in these times where the wi-fi it present in almost all parts, it can this affect so much a wireless phone one of last generation. I don't recommend it.	Amazon.com Product Description Keep in touch with friends and family with the BrandXYZ DECT2088 Corded/Cordless Phone and Answering System. Packed with advanced features, this easy-to-use system offers a dual keypad and caller ID capabilities. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; ...
3795	Nice little radio	This is a fairly decent radio. I live in an area where we don't pick up many radio stations and that's okay. I needed it for severe weather alerts (we live in a hurricane zone) and it does just what I need it to do. The one problem I initially had is the manual's poor instruction. I had to contact Eton about it. The manual explains how to set it to alert you of weather warnings. The instructions were fine, except where they said, "select the strongest weather station." I was scratching my head trying to figure out how to know what the strongest weather station was. In vain, I searched online without an answer. I contacted Eton (the maker) and was given just the perfect answer: To select your weather channel, switch the alert setting to the off position. You will then be able to hear the weather band. Go through each channel to see which one is the clearest. Once you select it, switch it back to alert and you are all set. While I appreciate their answer, I would've preferred to have had that tip to begin with. It sounds like a simple answer, but I was following the instructions for the alerts. In any case, it works well and does just what I need. I read a review elsewhere where it said they were awakened in the middle of the night to an alert that said the weather was clear, but I am pretty sure that it wasn't set to "alert." As the instructions they gave me indicate, you can switch on the weather without being on alert. All in all it does what I need it to do and without any major problems, now that I know how.	If you live in an area subject to hurricanes or severe storms, this is the ideal emergency radio for you. It is self-powered and water-resistant to help you weather the storm. Listen to AM and FM radio to stay apprised of the emergency situation, and hears the most current weather conditions and severe storm updates on the NOAA weather channels. This device allows you to keep your cell phone charged and at the ready, while the flashlight and siren can be used to alert rescuers to your location. ...
3796	Radio	This radio seems to work okay. Its kind of cheap . I have not used it very much.	If you live in an area subject to hurricanes or severe storms, this is the ideal emergency radio for you. It is self-powered and water-resistant to help you weather the storm. Listen to AM and FM radio to stay apprised of the emergency situation, and hears the most current weather conditions and severe storm updates on the NOAA weather channels. This device allows you to keep your cell phone charged and at the ready, while the flashlight and siren can be used to alert rescuers to your location. ...
3876	Just What I Wanted!	This is a review of the Apple Macbook Pro model MB766LL/A. I've been shopping for a notebook for quite some time. There really is a lot of junk out there. Having used a Powerbook G4 and the first version of the Macbook Pro, I began to look into purchasing a Windows based notebook for Visual Studio development. I tried the HP dv7t, a Dell XPS m1530 and a Sony FW390. The Sony was quite nice but Sony support tends to be a bit lacking. Sony also would not guarantee support for the upcoming Windows 7! In spite of the negatives that I found with these products, my final decision to stay with the Apple line was due to the superior hardware that I was always aware of anyway. The multi-touch trackpad, the back-lit keyboard, bright 17" 1920x1200 LED panel, superior fit and finish, etc. All this and more just adds up to one superior product. And I have not even addressed the advantages of OSX Leopard and the upcoming Snow Leopard. I briefly considered a Unibody MBP, but the price discount of roughly $1,000.00 for this unit and the awful glassy screens on the new ones made the choice very easy for me. Oh, and I like a button on my trackpad too!	The 17-inch MacBook Pro is a multimedia powerhouse. It?s more powerful than ever, featuring a fast Intel Core 2 Duo processor and now 4GB of RAM standard for incredible performance with high-end creative applications. The advanced trackpad features Multi-Touch technology, so you can pinch, swipe, or rotate to zoom in on text, advance through photos, or adjust an image. The sharp, high-resolution, 1920-by-1200-pixel LED-backlit glossy screen will make your ideas will look even more brilliant. And...
3877	Review of the 17" Macbook Pro (Not the NEW 13/15" Macbooks)	This a review of the 17" Macbook Pro listed here, not the NEW 13/15" Macbooks with the total aluminum casings and new touchpads. First off, instead of updating the Macbook Pro 17" like the 13/15", Apple decided to make some upgrades, like having upping the processor to 2.5 ghz Core Duo, 2 gigs of RAM to 4 gigs RAM, and the HD to 320 gigs. The video card in this machine is the Nvidia Geforce 8600M GT with 512 megs of RAM--whereas the new 13/15" Macbooks have the 9600s. The touchpad is NOT the new button-less touch-pad, but it still has the hand gestures. The computer has a ambient light sensor that light up your keyboard in the dark and adjust the screen brightness in different lighting conditions. The monitor has a LED back-light, and the finish is glossy (You can the 17" screen with a matte finish, but you'll have to go to Apple for that). The screen is not the same as the new 13/15" ones. Why did I get this one? I wanted the highest resolution of 1900x1200 because work with HD video and digital photography.	The 17-inch MacBook Pro is a multimedia powerhouse. It?s more powerful than ever, featuring a fast Intel Core 2 Duo processor and now 4GB of RAM standard for incredible performance with high-end creative applications. The advanced trackpad features Multi-Touch technology, so you can pinch, swipe, or rotate to zoom in on text, advance through photos, or adjust an image. The sharp, high-resolution, 1920-by-1200-pixel LED-backlit glossy screen will make your ideas will look even more brilliant. And...
3878	Someone please review the 17 inch macbook pro!!!	These reviews are all related to the 15" macbook pro, where is the 17" macbook pro review (4gb, antiglare, 2.5ghz, 17" screen, two firewire ports: 400 and 800, etc.)???	The 17-inch MacBook Pro is a multimedia powerhouse. It?s more powerful than ever, featuring a fast Intel Core 2 Duo processor and now 4GB of RAM standard for incredible performance with high-end creative applications. The advanced trackpad features Multi-Touch technology, so you can pinch, swipe, or rotate to zoom in on text, advance through photos, or adjust an image. The sharp, high-resolution, 1920-by-1200-pixel LED-backlit glossy screen will make your ideas will look even more brilliant. And...
4829	works as advertised	Not much to say. This adapter kit, together with fit the as advertised.	Adapter To Allow M10 Bolts To Be Used With Sasvmpl3B Mount; Works With Sharp? 57" & 65" Panels; Black
4830	Not necessary for Sharp LC65 TV	So it turns out that it's very easy to adjust the brackets that ship with the Sanus mount if you have a drill and drill bit. Then all you need is four 10mm x 1.5 x 25mm hex bolts for less than $1 each to mount your TV. The 10mm bolts that came with this bracket are so long that they require that you use the plastic spacers. This moves the TV out a bit more than 1/2 inch from the wall and is really unnecessary. (Unfortunately as it turns out, one of the spacers that came with my kit was broken so I couldn't use them anyway). So I ended up buying this kit and then buying my own bolts anyway. And I had four more parts to send to a landfill (sigh). On the plus side, the mount itself is very high quality, as are all parts (except the plastic spacers).	Adapter To Allow M10 Bolts To Be Used With Sasvmpl3B Mount; Works With Sharp? 57" & 65" Panels; Black
4831	You need these!!!	I ended up buying these after reading all the reveiws on the Sanus mount for my Sharp 65" tv that I also ordered from Amazon. They work perfect-But I have to wonder why Sanus didn't put them in there mounting kit. Why do we have to buy them seperately from the mount itself???	Adapter To Allow M10 Bolts To Be Used With Sasvmpl3B Mount; Works With Sharp? 57" & 65" Panels; Black
3879	Shiny useless piece of metal - the keyword is "BRICK"	Apple: It's just works (well, almost - if you do what we tell you to, TM). Pros: System is light, looks cool, people think that you are sophisticated and rich. Cons: a) Overheating If you need it for any real computing then get ready - system overheats. Temperature of the GPU/CPU reaches over 170F - get external keyboard, or you will burn your hands. b) Not Windows compatible Apple is unable to produce quality drivers for their hardware. System freezes after 2 hours of work. For reference see forum: [...] Sound drivers interfere with network card creating chipping sound. b) Usability New Mac Mousepad is unusable. Get ready to get an external mouse. Bottom line - save yourself some time and money - get a different machine (and Ubuntu if you want to see really cool and reliable OS - believe me - much better USABLE and RELIABLE choice). I'm returning this "brick".	The 17-inch MacBook Pro is a multimedia powerhouse. It?s more powerful than ever, featuring a fast Intel Core 2 Duo processor and now 4GB of RAM standard for incredible performance with high-end creative applications. The advanced trackpad features Multi-Touch technology, so you can pinch, swipe, or rotate to zoom in on text, advance through photos, or adjust an image. The sharp, high-resolution, 1920-by-1200-pixel LED-backlit glossy screen will make your ideas will look even more brilliant. And...
3903	its the worst adapter that i've seen	this adapter is the worst metra product, i dont recomend it becuase it doesnt fit on 2003 and up toyota corolla. If you dont want to lose your money, dont buy it. So just 1 star.	BrandXYZ 95-8204 Double DIN Installation Kit for 2003-up Toyota Corolla Vehicles
3904	metra kit is a perfect fit for my Toyota	I used all the various Metra products to install a Pioneer Dual Din DVD player in my 2007 Corolla. Not only did the face plate kit fit perfect, the adjustability of the mounting brackets allowed me to get the fit of the radio even better inside the dash. The wiring kit was great, plugged right in and allowed me to save my OEM wiring from ANY splicing or cuts at all. I can put the old factory radio back in if I sell the vehicle with no problems at all. The finished product looks factory installed and it was very easy to use with great wiring charts to easily hookup all the wires from the new DVD player to the factory harness.	BrandXYZ 95-8204 Double DIN Installation Kit for 2003-up Toyota Corolla Vehicles
3905	I am pretty impressed so far	I've had this DR-1 for 4 days now and I am learning about it relatively quickly. The instruction manual (on the SD card (included)) is very thorough, and straight forward. I'm no idiot, but sometimes manuals can bog you down..this one gets to the point. {Don't forget to back up that manual on your pc BEFORE you ever format the card (formatting is not necessary to use the card initially as it is empty) or its adios manual}. The playback sound is quite good, not that I have ever done any studio mix downs, but for something the size of a chubby IPod Classic it sounds good. You can slow music to 50% speed and the pitch stays accurate...as claimed. As far as weeding out vocals or instruments, unless they are on distinctly different L or R channels...that isn't gonna happen totally. I have yet to overdub, and I see you can't OD in MP3 format (WAV only), so you best have a big gig SD card if you plan on any J Garcia 10 minute wanderings. So, thus far, I am impressed. For under 230 USD new on Amazon...a good portable unit with some nice features, well constructed, good sound (have to use headphones, unless you connect to your PC for playback). I am not a sophisticated guitarist, but I can see this will be a good learning tool for me...because you never know how bad (or good) you were til you hear it back on a recording. LOL.	The BrandXYZ DR-1 puts world-dominating power into your pocket. Its built-in stereo microphones include a unique variable angle mechanism, so you can set it to record from any angle. The DR-1 is the first portable recorder to include a 1GB card, so yo...
3906	A great little field stereo recorder	I have been doing field recordings, primarily but not exclusively of live concerts (both clandestine and not) since I first bought a Sony TC-D5M in 1982. It cost $475. I replaced that in about 1990 with the Sony TCD-D3 DAT recorder, which cost about the same and was of course far superior (48KHz/16b)...when it worked. Now comes a whole new breed of portable stereo audio recorders. I selected this for a number of reasons, not the least being that it's inexpensive, very lightweight, has that Tascam (Teac) brand name, the sampling rate is selectable between 16b and 24b, it got good reviews, records to cheap SD cards, and it has a removable Li-ion battery with a long life. And indeed it does; I just test-recorded a show that was nearly 2 hours long at 48KHz, 24b. The battery showed approx 1/3 used once it was over. Also, it used only 1.5GB of a 4GB SD card - this is the other beauty of recording with this technology. I have not used the "overdub" feature yet but the feature, combined with the 1/4" mono input for instruments, is intriguing. That said, I did learn some things about this device that may be useful to others: 1. Don't use the built-in microphones for serious recording if you can avoid it; while OK - particularly for undemanding audio purposes like interviews - they are inadequate for recording live music. 2. If you do use them, bring a windscreen regardless of whether you think you'll need it or not! 3. Put the device on solid footing if you are going to use the built-in mics. I held it up - the built-in mics are very sensitive to handling noise, of course. As someone else noted this doesn't have a place for a mic stand. Of course, neither did my previous portable recording rigs...but then they didn't have microphones built in, did they? 4. There is now little that prevents your average joe from recording any audio event at incredibly high quality (except expertise).	The BrandXYZ DR-1 puts world-dominating power into your pocket. Its built-in stereo microphones include a unique variable angle mechanism, so you can set it to record from any angle. The DR-1 is the first portable recorder to include a 1GB card, so yo...
3914	Huh???	geez...what a P.O.S...i read all the reviews and mentally ignored the bad ones...bad move...i should have given them more credence...i un-boxed the unit and, since it already had the card and battery installed, hooked it up to the computer to charge...what? no wall charger? what is up with that? how much would that have cost tascam to include? about a dollar? since they buy them by the trainload?...anyway, it charged overnight while i read the manual...the next evening i turned it on...and that, friends, is the high point of my association with the dr-1...it's all downhill from there...the "peak" (recording volume) light came came and stayed on as did the rec/pause light...i have no IDEA whether they are supposed to come on, though i tend to think not...the opening screen came up and that's where the adventure ends...no button worked, no display changed, no options appeared...nada...like my 3rd ex-wife, it just lay there...by the time i got to the phone, tascam in california was closed...i called back the next morning and after a very short wait, i was told, by the tech, that i could, indeed, take it back to any local dealer and they would exchange it for a new one...wrong, buffalo breath...i called two dealers near my house and they just laughed at me...with a sneer, i vowed revenge on the un-cooperative dealers...i called tascam back and, after a much LONGER wait, got hold of another tech who read the report of the FIRST tech and said that they had told me wrong--the dealer would NOT exchange it and i had to deal with amazon...ok...back to the unit itself, i'm not impressed...as many other reviewers have noted, it is very cheaply and flimsily made...i have a mid-high-dollar canon camera made the same way, so i guess this is the wave of the future...i cringe when opening the charger and battery flaps--you just FEEL that they're going to break off in your hands...it LOOKS like it would work well, but i'll never know...i am impressed that it has a 1/4" input jack and not just a mini...as i mentioned before, the lack of a wall-charger is a downer...i can't comment on the battery life, but i'd still hate to have to wag a laptop around just to charge the unit when i'm on the go...i ordered another tascam model that appears to use AA batteries...i ALWAYS have those...again, as another reviewer noted, amazon has been helpful--tascam not so much...	The BrandXYZ DR-1 puts world-dominating power into your pocket. Its built-in stereo microphones include a unique variable angle mechanism, so you can set it to record from any angle. The DR-1 is the first portable recorder to include a 1GB card, so yo...
3915	DR1 digital recorder-- Bogus Rebates From Tascam	Great recorder; It is of exceptionally high quality and is very easy to use. The features are all useful and intuitive. I'd buy it again, [.........].	The BrandXYZ DR-1 puts world-dominating power into your pocket. Its built-in stereo microphones include a unique variable angle mechanism, so you can set it to record from any angle. The DR-1 is the first portable recorder to include a 1GB card, so yo...
3916	GREAT LAPTOP/NOTEBOOK BAG!	I love Golla products and have many various styles. This bag is perfect for my mini notebook and all the accessories, and it looks great. I highly recommend this bag, along with about any Golla product.	Marketing description is not available.
3963	Great price and enough power	I you are looking to have a sli or crossfire system, well this is more than enough, off course an Ultra x3 1600w is always the best choice but this is the exactly PSU you'll need if you don't have enough money to get an Ultra, the only thing is that isn't modular, so you will have to deal with a bunches of cables and it could be a real nightmare if you don't have a full tower case, in my "case" I bought an antec twelve hundred which has the space to hide the non used cables. I truly recommend this power supply cause it has enough power to launch a rocket and maybe to kill you if you touch it when is on. It has all the connections for a 3-way system and you don't need molex or any other patching solution. I really recommend it.	For modern computing applications, users can't afford to rely on a second-rate power supply. That's why leading PC peripheral and accessory maker BrandXYZ has developed the Real Power Pro 1250W Power Supply. Featuring quad GPU compatibility and an 87% efficiency rating, the Real Power Pro 1250W provides clean, efficient, and stable power for today's high-end systems.The Real Power Pro 1250W comes with several features that bring it to the top echelon of power supplies. As the name implies, the R...
3964	AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!	very powerful, nice and quite. i have two ATI 4870's on crossfire with three hard drives, DVD burner and it works flawlessly. highly recommend this to anyone who is going to custom build a power hungry computer. the only problem is that the power supply is a bit heavy maybe by a pound or two compare to the other power supplies. it is also a tad bit longer, but i dont care to me the power and the quality is more important and cooler master is the real deal.	For modern computing applications, users can't afford to rely on a second-rate power supply. That's why leading PC peripheral and accessory maker BrandXYZ has developed the Real Power Pro 1250W Power Supply. Featuring quad GPU compatibility and an 87% efficiency rating, the Real Power Pro 1250W provides clean, efficient, and stable power for today's high-end systems.The Real Power Pro 1250W comes with several features that bring it to the top echelon of power supplies. As the name implies, the R...
3965	more than i know what to do with.	silent and cool even on load. PLENTY of power to do whatever you want with it and more. Nice full black sleeving to keep everything together. Enough to run a 3x sli on a gtx280, probably good for more. A large case is a must. The unit is big and not modular, so you'll need a place to stuff any unused cables. There have been reports of this PSU having some sort of electric hum during operation, but nothing wrong with the one i got. No power switch on the back if such things matter to you. Performance for the price cannot be matched. Again, modular would have been nice. [...]	For modern computing applications, users can't afford to rely on a second-rate power supply. That's why leading PC peripheral and accessory maker BrandXYZ has developed the Real Power Pro 1250W Power Supply. Featuring quad GPU compatibility and an 87% efficiency rating, the Real Power Pro 1250W provides clean, efficient, and stable power for today's high-end systems.The Real Power Pro 1250W comes with several features that bring it to the top echelon of power supplies. As the name implies, the R...
3972	Best Instrument Cable	Is there a hype of instrument cables. Or is a cable a cable, like is an egg an egg. Not here. Been playing live music for 29 years. Last year I bought a Vox AC30 Head with a Vox Cab 4 x 12. I wanted the best sound out of this monster, so like you guys I checked reviews. I saw the video with Tom Anderson and the explaination of the cables. That's what sold me. Believe me, I didn't want to spend no $50, but like I said I wanted full quality of the tone out of my guitars. The big test was my wireless unit. I bought an AKG WMS 40 Pro. When using my setup with this unit it would crack or mute for a second while playing live. I thought it was because it was a cheap unit. But since using the elixir there has been no issues. I didn't lose tone, and didn't lose signal. Also for my effects boxes I use George L's. The difference between a standard cable and elixir is the flexibilty. Elixirs are pretty stiff, if you play with the cable connected to the guitar and your an animated player, it's hard to manuever around the stage, but if you just stand there, then there's no problem. So that's my take on elixir cables.	Cables can distort the sound of your guitar by pushing the mids up and turning the highs down. BrandXYZ Cables features a unique cable technology that fixes this problem by delivering the lowest capacitance and truest voice of your guitar. People have heard that the longer a cable is the more degraded your tone gets. Basically, BrandXYZ has developed a way to make a 20-foot cable that sounds like a 3-foot cable. To be more precise, BrandXYZ cables have a flatter frequency response than the compe...
3974	Nice small scope, little chromatic aberrations	Buying this spotting scope was kind of a hit or miss, as I couldn't find any review at all, on any website. The reviews of the non ED version were pretty positive, so I decided to take my chance and buy it. Pros: 1. Very portable (small, not too heavy). 2. Very little purple fringing. 3. Waterproof and fog proof. 4. The cheapest ED scope on the market (you can get it for about 330 USD). 5. The focus knob is easy to use, and allows for fine focusing, but it can be moved very fast as well. 6. Good resolution at all the zoom levels (you will need to refocus after changing the zoom). 7. It has a T-Ring adapter in the eye piece, allowing you to connect a DSLR camera to it. But see the cons too. Cons: 1. You can not use 1.25" eyepieces! This is really annoying, because the eyepiece it comes with is just maybe 1mm smaller than the standard 1.25" format used by a lot of telescopes and spotting scopes. 1.25" eye pieces can give you a lot of flexibility and better quality that a zoom eye piece can not give you. That's the main reason why I give it 4 stars. 2. The T-Ring adapter is at the end of the eye piece, so you can not use prime focus. Instead, you have to use eye piece projection. Now, the problem with the eye piece projection in this particular set up is that at the minimum zoom you will get severe vignetting. To get rid of the vignetting you have to go all the way to 48x zoom, and that's way too dark for a camera. Even at ISO 1600 I had to have a shutter speed of 1/40. Long rant: After using it for a few days, and 'benchmarking' it with other spotting scopes, I am pretty happy with my purchase. Since I do not have a resolution chart, I took a medicine bottle with small writting on it (the letters were about 2 mm), placed it ~25 meters away, and looked at it with my Celestron C90 Mak, this spotting scope, and a Yukon 100x100 (not mine). Ufortunately, I didn't have access to a similar sized spotting scope, so the test was a little unfair. The Yukon couldn't fully zoom in at such a close distance. The text was, however, readable, but there was a lot of purple fringing. The C90, with a 15mm eye piece (80x zoom), could also resolve those small letters, but not as good as the Yukon. There was very little purple firinging, which is normal because the main elements are two mirrors. Finally, with the Ultima 65ED, the text was unreadable at maximum zoom. I am not sure if this is due to not being able to zoom in enough, or because of the lack of resolution. The purple fringing was pretty similar with the C90 (very little). Testing all 3 spotting scopes with some real life scene (for example looking at a field 2KM away) had similar results, the big guys won, which I pretty much expected. However, the Ultima 65ED was pretty close, and under most of the real life circumstances you really don't need more than 48 zoom. My overall recommendation is to buy it if you need a nice portable scope that you can take with you wherever you go, including on plane trips. But if you do not plan to take it with you anywhere, and would like to have some fun looking at the Moon, Saturn and Jupiter, more zoom, and the ability to use different eye pieces, then get the C90 Mak (which is 150 bucks cheaper). If you have more money to spend, probably the best thing to do is to go to a brick and mortar store and compare try all kind of scopes until you can find the best one for your money. But in its price range, I think you will have a hard time finding something better.	65mm (2.6") diameter 45? angled refracting spotting scope, waterproof, 386mm focal length (f/5.9), multi-coated optics, low dispersion ED glass, 16-48x zoom eyepiece, sighting tube, soft case.
4035	Yamaha YBA-10WH BlueTooth Dock	Works great! I got this Dock for my desktop to broadcast my media player to my Yamaha 7.2 Home Theatre (I bought a Cirago Bluetooth BTA6210 v.2.1 Micro USB, but cheaper than buying a newer LAN capable reciever). The USB sticks out about a quarter of an inch out of the top of my desktop, perfect for the PC in the other room. The PC & reciever are about 30ft away from each other, going through 3 walls. ***You may need to Bridge your Networking components (Windows XP) before you can get Windows Media Player to act nicely. I had to bridge my Wireless & BlueTooth connections to get WMP 10 to braodcast. Other Media Players I tried worked immediately with no frustration. Turn the Yamaha Dock on first, then power up the USB BlueTooth service, then let the Media Player roll. Took about 5 minutes to pair the devices, but has worked flawlessly since. The Remote for the Reciever allows for the Play/Pause/RW/FFD functions to control the Media Player. Quality is nearly as good as playing the .mp3's off of a DVD. I am not having the ringing issues reported in other post's. The BT Dock is just sitting on top of the reciever in my setup. Other Thoughts: $20 for a USB BlueTooth + $70 for Dock = 100Gb of Music collection streaming over Yamaha 7.2 Home Theatre System.	The YBA-10 Bluetooth Wireless Audio Receiver docks to the receiver and supports A2DP audio streaming, so users can enjoy music wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones, Windows PCs and Macs.
4036	Unfortunate	I was very excited to be able to play music from my laptop over the living room speakers through the receiver. The YBA-10 was very easy to set up--plugged it in, quickly paired the device through the laptop, and was listening to music in under 10 minutes. Easy. However, we immediately heard that "ringing" that other reviewers have noted. It seems to be in the 12k-14khz range. Imagine somebody hitting a hi-hat with a wrench and amplifying it through your speakers. It gets irritating really fast. I toggled with volumes and equalizers and checked on-line forums--other people have the same issue--but I could not find a solution. For $20, I'd just grin and bear it; however, at nearly $70 this is an unacceptable flaw. I am returning the YBA-10.	The YBA-10 Bluetooth Wireless Audio Receiver docks to the receiver and supports A2DP audio streaming, so users can enjoy music wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones, Windows PCs and Macs.
3975	Celestron Ultima 65 ED	I have owned a variety of Celestron products over the years and also a variety of spotting scopes from the $50 Barskas all the way up to $2100 Zeiss. Celestron continues to produce superb optical instruments for a fraction of the price of their performance level. I have owned the Celestron Regal F-ED in both 65 and 80 mm versions and the inexpensive non-ED Celestron Ultima 65. All were impressive. The Celestron Ultima ED 65 is equally so. For $300 you can get an image that is practically free from color fringing at all magnifications. Yes, some refocusing (non-parfocal) is required as you move through the zoom range but it is minimal. Image quality is excellent though at any price... - Reasonably bright image - Very sharp - low chromatic aberration - excellent edge sharpness - excellent color representation - good contrast Physically.... - the scope is lightweight - all parts seem to be well put together - focusing knob functions very smoothly and precisely Negatives you ask? Well.... 1. As mentioned above the scope does not accept standard 1.25 inch astro eyepieces. The fit is very close though and I am determined to find an adapter somewhere that will allow this combination. The 1.25 inch eyepieces that I have tried in the scope (you can put them in the body but they aren't "attached" in any way) all seem to reach focus at infinity so there isn't a compatability issue from an optical standpoint. It is just the physical connection issue. 2. There was some excessive "lubricant" on the outside of the scope body upon arrival. I have found this issue with several optics that I have purchased over the years but don't really have an explanation for it. Lastly, though you cannot use 1.25 astro eyepieces with the scope you can use the Baader Hyperion zoom as the Baader comes with a special adapter mount. You can use the Baader with any "Synta/Celestron" spotter (all of the Ultima and Ultima EDs). The factory supplied zoom is very good in terms of the image it provides. The only drawback is the narrow field of view found on many standard zoom eyepieces (40 degree-60 degree apparent FOV). The Baader takes the image to a new level by increasing the apparent field of view from over 50 degrees at 20x all the way up to about 70 degrees at the 8 mm (approximate 45x) setting. Edge sharpness, color representation, light transmission are all excellent. So, for $300 (scope) and $200 (Baader zoom) you can have a spotting scope that comes close to rivaling scopes that cost in excess of $1000. That is pretty impressive in my book. I certainly recommend this scope with or without the Baader zoom. It is certainly a bargain!	65mm (2.6") diameter 45? angled refracting spotting scope, waterproof, 386mm focal length (f/5.9), multi-coated optics, low dispersion ED glass, 16-48x zoom eyepiece, sighting tube, soft case.
4028	Works ok, but sound quality is terrible.	I got it to sync with my wife's PC and my iPhone without too much trouble. (Apparently the MacBook pro's bluetooth doesn't work very well with this unit - streams very poorly and with a lot of distortion.) My main complaint is the high-pitch "whislte" that has been referenced by other reviewers. It is very annoying, and overwhelms the sound for me. Makes the unit almost unusable as the high-frequency tone is all I can hear after a few minutes of listening. If Yamaha could somehow fix this with a software update for their receivers, it would make this a great product. In the meantime, save your money.	The YBA-10 Bluetooth Wireless Audio Receiver docks to the receiver and supports A2DP audio streaming, so users can enjoy music wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones, Windows PCs and Macs.
4029	Nice and easy	The YBA-10 worked perfectly out of the box when mated with my RX-V663 and BB Pearl. Music sounds very clean with no distortion or interferences. Range is about 15 feet before breaking up. I like the fact that the unit glows blue when it is actually receiving a BT signal. Only other comment is that its a pretty heavy duty cable used between the unit to plug into receiver...dont know why	The YBA-10 Bluetooth Wireless Audio Receiver docks to the receiver and supports A2DP audio streaming, so users can enjoy music wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones, Windows PCs and Macs.
4030	Excelent Idea	I was looking for this kind of solution for quiet a long time. Of course, first what should be first; I bought a Yamaha receiver, the 663, due to they had this kind of solution, and recently I purchased this Wireless receiver and it is great. I can stream out my music from my PC using I tunes, the remote control can control the I tunes functions such us fwrd, stop, rew and so. The coverage is OK for Bluetooth, you should have the PC at the same room that the YBA-10WH, otherwise you will hear with distortion. The set up is very easy and quick, do not hesitate, if you are experiencing some problems connecting and unplugging your PC from the Home Theatre receiver, buy this.	The YBA-10 Bluetooth Wireless Audio Receiver docks to the receiver and supports A2DP audio streaming, so users can enjoy music wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones, Windows PCs and Macs.
4031	Fickle operation but awesome when working	The ultimate deciding factor for me to go with a Yamaha receiver (RX-V465) was the ability to wirelessly sync my laptop and receiver together with their YBA-10 bluetooth device. Initially I was able to easily pair my lap top and the YBA-10 without any problem. However, on subsequent uses I have had to re-pair or tinker with the device to get it to work. I'm not 100% it is the device's fault every time but sometimes it would "Connect" without the blue light of the YBA lit up and the music would still come out of my lap top. Other times I would have no music coming out of my lap top and the light would be lit up for the YBA-10 but no music out of the receiver's speakers. On the lap top, I would right click the icon for the YBA-10 and open up the "status" window and see that my information would be sent but alas, no music. Ultimately, its takes a couple of minutes to tinker around but I get it to work each time I want to use it. I LOVE not using any wires and am thoroughly pleased with the sound quality (no loss from what I can tell). Well worth the price. I would recommend it but would caution those people who are "computer illiterate" beyond using the internet or word processor. Trouble shooting note - if you have music coming out of the lap top, always try re-pairing. The process is tedious but only takes a couple minutes.	The YBA-10 Bluetooth Wireless Audio Receiver docks to the receiver and supports A2DP audio streaming, so users can enjoy music wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones, Windows PCs and Macs.
4032	perfect for pairing with iPhone	I have a Yamaha receiver and this accessory made it easy to sync my iphone to the receiver via the bluetooth. The only drawback I see is that you have to re-pair it after a period of inactivity. It just takes a couple of minutes so it's not a big deal.	The YBA-10 Bluetooth Wireless Audio Receiver docks to the receiver and supports A2DP audio streaming, so users can enjoy music wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones, Windows PCs and Macs.
4034	Useful attachment	Bought this BT attachment to use my V-463 receiver w/ cell phone & PC. Now I play songlist on laptop/pc/cell phone and listen it on Home theater system (690BL).	The YBA-10 Bluetooth Wireless Audio Receiver docks to the receiver and supports A2DP audio streaming, so users can enjoy music wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled mobile phones, Windows PCs and Macs.
4130	High quality display with great picture, remote and menus need some work	Just got one of these for the bedroom and mounted it via the "LCD Articulating Wall Mount for Screens Up To 22 In with vesa 75/100MM" that was recommended. The tv came well packaged and in the original toshiba box, and while the box was pretty beat up and about to fall open there was no damage to the display. The tv is reasonably sleek looking with its all gloss black enclosure, and has a reasonably small profile, especially for an integrated dvd unit. It's also surprisingly light and I was able to wall mount it by myself, although I don't recommend it as you have to procariously hold the tv in one hand while you align it with the wall mount so that you can get the first screw in. The resolution looks very sharp when viewing HD channels, contrast is great, good viewing angle, dark dark blacks, vivid and seemingly acurate colors. I'm very happy with the quality of the picture. The sound is decent for a bedroom tv, but probably not adequate for something like a family room, in which case you should be looking at a larger tv anyway. The integrated dvd player works great, and is even able to play divx encoded video files off a burned data dvd. The dvd player seems to somehow detect if you have a widescreen format dvd, in which case it will display it in Full picture size (16:9), otherwise for full screen format it shows it in Normal (4:3). I'd actually just prefer it to remember what picture size I last selected and stick with that, instead of trying to detect it on its own. Of course you can always change the picture size once the movie is started. The remote also has a dvd eject button, which is a nice touch that I find useful; many others don't include this. Setup is easy and automatically runs the first time you turn it on. I didn't want to spend the extra cash on another Comcast set top box, so I simply hooked up the cable and let the tv automatically search for channels. I was suprised that it was actually able to tune into most of the major network digital HD channels. Comcast (San Jose, CA) must also be broadcasting these via cable. It also picked up a bunch of music and radio on the higher end channels. It was able to automatically label most of the local channels (e.g. 2-13) with the proper call letters (e.g. KTVU), but none above that. In our bedroom we are about 10 ft. away from it, and this size is almost a little on the small side for that distance. I'd probably like something more like a 32" if money wasn't a factor, but this unit was in our budget. Now for the negatives: The remote is quite large and has a lot of buttons, many that have dual funtions depending on tv/dvd mode, which is a bit confusing. I found myself searching for stuff in the beginning, but am now used to where the usual buttons are. The buttons glow in the dark which is nice, but some that are not labeled on top of the button, but rather next to it, such as "PIC SIZE" are not readable in the dark. The menu system is not very intuitive and looks like it was somewhat hastily put together. This is a brand new model, so maybe they haven't spent too much time on the software. One good example is the process for labeling a channel, such as HGTV or SCFI. You have to pain-stakingly use the left/right arrow on the remote to scroll through each character, starting with the numbers first (which are least likely to be in a channel label by the way). You can't even hold the button down and let it scroll automatically, you have to push it once each time. Needless to say, trying to label a bunch of channels is a major pain. There are a few other glaring shortcommings you'll come across in the menus that suggests to me they didn't spend enough time perfecting the software, but luckily you won't spend much time in there outside of setting it up. It responds somewhat slowly to certain remote operations, such as when you are selecting characters to label a channel, or more importantly while changing channels, which makes the tv feel a bit sluggish. If you're using a satellite or cable set top box, then this won't be as much of an issue as you won't be changing channels directly on the tv. Bottom line: It's an excellent value and has great features for a small dvd-integrated lcd. It's the least expensive lcd hdtv with an integrated dvd player in this size that I could find, and in my experience toshiba products tend to be of good quality and this is no exception. I'd give it 5 stars based solely on the quality of the exterior, appearance, display and sound. But the large and complicated remote, clunky menu system and sluggish response are negatives; however probably not a factor if you are using a satellite or cable set top box.	22" LCD HDTV, High Gloss Black Finsh, Built-in DVd Player, DivX Certified, PC Input with JPEG Viewer
4137	Great Little TV/DVD	We got this TV/DVD with AMEX points to replace an old TV/VCR that went in the corner of the counter, under the shelves, in the kitchen. We were worried it might be TOO much, but it is a great TV. Great picture, takes up even less space than the TV/VCR with a smaller screen because it was a CRT unit. Highly recommend.	22" LCD HDTV, High Gloss Black Finsh, Built-in DVd Player, DivX Certified, PC Input with JPEG Viewer
4142	Good one	Nice quality, good picture, DVD with Divx format. Whats not to like? If its like my other 4 Toshiba's it will be around here longer than I want to look at it, because they never break down.	22" LCD HDTV, High Gloss Black Finsh, Built-in DVd Player, DivX Certified, PC Input with JPEG Viewer
4147	Good picture quality, extremely slow channel switching	I read about the slow channel switching from early review comments but I thought it will not be so bad. This turns out to be a major flaw. From the time you press the channel number, it takes about 2-3 seconds to start the switching (the screen goes blank) and then another 2-3 seconds to latch on to the next channel. If you like to switch between channels, DO NOT BUY THIS TV. The picture quality is very good, and it is very convenient to have the DVD player integrated. It is light weight and looks decent.	22" LCD HDTV, High Gloss Black Finsh, Built-in DVd Player, DivX Certified, PC Input with JPEG Viewer
4150	As pleased as I am with my big Toshiba!	I recently bought this TV for my bedroom and I am as pleased as I am with my big Toshiba. It is true, and I will soon hook a surround speaker to the tv, that the sound lacks a little. But as mentioned it can be fixed relatively simple and cost efficient. Overall it is a great TV for a bedroom.	22" LCD HDTV, High Gloss Black Finsh, Built-in DVd Player, DivX Certified, PC Input with JPEG Viewer
4151	Not super...	I ordered this tv and it showed up with a dead pixel so I returned. Not sure if I'm going to get the same one or the Sharp. The picture when viewed at night seemed to have a white glow coming from the top and bottome edges of the screen, mostily noticable on darker pictures. Not sure if that is the way it's supposed to be or if there was more than a dead pixel wrong with the tv. I was worried about the sound level but that didn't seem to be a problem.	22" LCD HDTV, High Gloss Black Finsh, Built-in DVd Player, DivX Certified, PC Input with JPEG Viewer
4152	2.5 stars for the second $500 lemon	due to a space concern in the bedroom we bypassed a regza and went with this 22" tv. The first one we got was incredibly defective. It turned itself on in the middle of hte night multiple times with no provocation. Then when watching broadcast channels in digital, the sound was wont to cut out for minutes at a time. Then one of our local channels, channel 3, was changed in the toshiba memory ( by itself ) to channel 50, and now when we try to navigate from channel 3 to the next channel, it jumps to channel 57! so the channels were all mixed up. my father went back to the store and they told him that hte tv's in the store all do that ! but we tried another unit of this same tv, hoping that this one was just unusually defective. no such luck. this one also has major problems with the sound where it cuts out for minutes at a time. imagine if it were after february 2009, and you could not switch back to the analog! you would lose minutes of dialogue for your favorite program! i cannot believe no one else has had any problem with this, but maybe it is due to the fact that they have cable tv and not antenna like we do. the channels are slow to change, but you'll be lucky if thats your only problem with this tv. The sound cutting out is such a shame because the toshiba has better sound than any other brand of LCDs BY FAR. my recommendation is to get what i have in my bedroom a 32" toshiba regza 720/1080i. its a great tv. you wont be disappointed ( and comes from amazon for a nice price )	22" LCD HDTV, High Gloss Black Finsh, Built-in DVd Player, DivX Certified, PC Input with JPEG Viewer
4176	Great TV!	I put this TV in my kitchen. I was a nice fit. And the clarity was great. The only thing I notice is the volume is not very good. I have turned it all the way up and it does not get ery loud.	22" LCD HDTV, High Gloss Black Finsh, Built-in DVd Player, DivX Certified, PC Input with JPEG Viewer
4181	Just what I expected!	The TV arrived in one day, perfectly packaged and was just as it was described on Amazon.	22" LCD HDTV, High Gloss Black Finsh, Built-in DVd Player, DivX Certified, PC Input with JPEG Viewer
4186	Unreceived TV	I ordered this TV, but it was damaged by UPS in transit and I never received it. Then I got a message that it (the order) was canceled and I got a credit. I called to say "just send me another one" and was told that I could not do that. So, I said forget it!!!!! M. Wunderlich	22" LCD HDTV, High Gloss Black Finsh, Built-in DVd Player, DivX Certified, PC Input with JPEG Viewer
4212	Just Exactly What I Was Looking For	I had a fairly specific set of needs while looking for a camera bag: - I wanted a separate compartment for misc. accessories - I like the backpack style design - I needed to put my 15" MacBook Pro in it - and the camera compartment had to fit my Canon 40D with the 70-200mm 2.8 lens attached. The first three requirement were easy to find, but finding a camera compartment big enough to be able to fit the camera and lens (attached) in it so i don't have to take off the lens every time I put it away, was a tough job. I got really close with some Kata bags, but in the end this Lowepro has everything I wanted. I've been very pleased with it so far (I've had it about a month now) - if anything, it's a little disconcerting to be as excited about the bag as I am about the gear inside. The tripod that comes in the bundle is really geared more toward the weight of a point & shoot - I wouldn't trust it with my SLR and zoom lens, it's just too much weight. The cleaning kit is from the bargain bin, but some extra lens cloths and blowers aren't bad to have around. Not worth paying extra for, but the price for the bundle was the same as it was for the Lowepro bag alone.	Kit includes:? 1) BrandXYZ Fastpack 350 Backpack Camera Case. ? 2) Precision Design Deluxe Camera Tripod with Carrying Case. ? 3) Precision Design Deluxe 6-Piece Lens & Digital SLR Camera Cleaning Kit. Go all day with the lightweight, comfortable Fastpack 350 backpack. It protects your pro digital SLR and 17" widescreen notebook compactly while providing generous storage for other gear. Side-entry compartments let you quickly grab equipment and accessories, even while you're on the move. Customi...
4259	Great way to store and transport gear	Pelican cases are widely used by professionals for storing and moving all kinds of gear. Owning several myself I completely understand why. A very sturdy outer shell protects the gear. Pluckable foam on the inside allows for customized configuration that can accomodate pretty much any type of equipment. A lot of gear comes with its vendor specific cases and bags. But if you have gear from multiple vendors, it can be a hazzle to find solutions which minimize the total number of cases, yet make sure that the equipment isn't just loose or force-fitted. Pelican cases come in many different sizes. So finding the right size and combination to fit all the gear can be tricky and does require some planning. It's best to pre-arrange the gear in the the expected configuration and measure required depth in particular.	BrandXYZ Protector Cases are made with Copolymer Polypropylene, using an open cell core and solid wall construction, which is stronger and lighter that the competion. You can tell it's a BrandXYZ case by the distinctive "twin-ribbed" top surface. Stainless steel pins are used for hinges and handles. The new Double-Throw latches are much easier to open.
4261	Excellent Radios	I purchased the T9680SAME radios about a month ago and took them on a long trip with a family of 4 that included the Grand Canyon and Philmont Scout Ranch. We used the radios to communicate with the kids to explore the areas and when my wife and I had to go in different directions. They helped a lot to keep the trip running smoothly. The voice quality is very good (as long as the volume is set just a bit lower than max). I also used them on a Cub Scout Pack hike so the lead to keep in touch with teh people bring up the rear - a nice way to keep the large group together and in sync. Overall the radios performed great! The only thing I did not test was the range limits. The weather info was a interesting but not extremely useful but we did not have any true weather emergencies.	With a range of up to 28 miles, the Talkabout? T9680RSAME uses both FRS and GMRS frequencies, providing more channels. iVOX hands-free communication without the need of an audio accessory
4277	Love my TomTom	I recently bought the Magellan Maestro 3225 and, after 5 days, returned it because it was really user unfriendly. I then got the TomTom for the same price and I love it! So many more features than the other one. One thing I love is that it gives you a choice of route and background colors so that you can decide what color scheme works best for you. Also, gives you several choices of voices to choose from, which is nice. The British one is so polite! HA HA! I would highly recommend this device, and at $150, it's a good deal. One thing -- I highly recommend downloading the Mr. T voice ... There's nothing better than to be told to make a left up here, fool! I pity you!	The BrandXYZ ONE 130 is easy-to-use personal navigation. BrandXYZ's award-winning software means effortless navigation from point A to point B. Switch on and go right out of the box. Just enter the address on the touchscreen and start driving anywhere in the United States or Canada. BrandXYZ guides you door-to-door with turn-by-turn spoken instructions. And 3D graphics help guide you to your destination, worry free. Easy-to-use widescreen navigation. Click to enlarge. BrandXYZ's award-winning so...
4283	TomTom does what its supposed to...Great product.	I have been using my TomTom for over a year now, and have purchased additional ones for friends. Works Great! Occasional upgrades using the PC are simple, and you can download most new voices and new little car icons for free. Others are available for purchase. Using the unit is simple, but some times you have to get near a destination before all the POI's show up in the listings. No big deal. Doesn't say the names of the streets, but gives you enough warning, I typically turn the sound down anyway. After a year, I've noticed my battery life is getting shorter...but I leave it connected to the included adapter power most of the time. While researching for a GPS unit, make sure all the maps and software updates are included. Some other brands of GPS units charge you for the maps, (even the first one!), and you have to subscribe to keep them current. Extra costs. Thats why I went with the TomTom. TIP: Don't put your real home address into the unit as "Home", because if your unit is ever stolen, the theif will know exactly where you live. If the unit is in your car and the car is stolen, they will probably have your garage door opener as well. Use the center of your hometown instead as your "Home". You can usually find your way to your house from there.	The BrandXYZ ONE 130 is easy-to-use personal navigation. BrandXYZ's award-winning software means effortless navigation from point A to point B. Switch on and go right out of the box. Just enter the address on the touchscreen and start driving anywhere in the United States or Canada. BrandXYZ guides you door-to-door with turn-by-turn spoken instructions. And 3D graphics help guide you to your destination, worry free. Easy-to-use widescreen navigation. Click to enlarge. BrandXYZ's award-winning so...
7920	1/2 HDMI	From the manual, page 29 "If you want to listen through the speakers connected to the AV receiver, in addition to an HDMI connection you'll need to make a separate analog or digital audio connection." That is, one of the high points of HDMI (the fact that one cable transmits both audio and video) is completely lost in this receiver, since a second cable is needed for the speakers to function. Furthermore, the unit has 3 HDMI inputs but only 2 optical audio inputs. TO me this doesn't make much sense...	In the case of BrandXYZ A/V receivers,? entry level? means a whole lot more than just affordability and standard functionality. You won?t find a better example than the TX-SR506, which also offers high-definition media capability and advanced sound correction technologies. With an HDMI platform handling 1080p video from three sources, the TX-SR506 brings polish and peak performance to high-definition displays and sources. Legendary BrandXYZ amplification drive and power set the foundation for de...
8179	People should be jumping at these!	I made a last minute decision to fore go the $500 DJ for a pair of these Klipsch AW-650 speakers & I connected these to a new Yamaha RX-V663. By using a Yamaha YDS-10 Ipod dock (w/an ipod of course) I was able to play party music which our party goers gave rave reviews for its sound! People kept asking me about the brand of speakers. I love these speakers! Highs, Mids, Lows, all sounded great. I would think that if you wanted window pane rattling bass, you would have to add the outdoor subwoofer. HOWEVER, the bass was clearly heard to all. These are well worth the money! You can't go wrong. Oh by the way, I have a huge yard that easily accommodated 10 six ft round tables and a serving area for the caterer.	Tractrix? horn with 1" titanium dome tweeter * 6-1/2" IMG woofer * frequency response 70-20,000 Hz (?3dB) * paintable, UV-resistant enclosure * includes mounting brackets and stainless steel hardware *
8302	Noise canceling or noise reduction	The earpiece is comfortable, but the noise canceling feature cannot compete with a Bose headset. I have travelled on a Super 80 and B-767 and 757 (6 voyages) in all since the purchase within a 2-month period, and the sound clarity is great; but qualifying the Scosche as noise canceling instead of noise reduction is borderline.	Active Noise-canceling Earbuds Actively Eliminates Up To 75% Of Unwanted Noise Includes 3 Comfort Fit Silicone Inserts Convenient In-line Control Hub Houses Noise Cancellation Circuitry Includes 1 Aaa Battery Includes Iphone (tm) Adapter, Airplane Adapter & Carrying Case
4288	Should have bought a Garmin	When I first got this i was excited. It gets a signal right away and is easy to use. I used it find a friend's house and it worked perfectly. After that I began having problems. I tried to find a golf course and it kept sending me around in a nonstop loop. After a little while it just all of sudden gave up and decided it wanted to take me home. I also tried using it to find a UPS center and it took me into the middle of nowhere. It wasn't even close. I thought that if I downloaded the software and updated my TomTom that it might fix these issues. It is difficult to connect to the internet because you do not receive an external plug to charge it from an outlet. You need to charge it in the car while driving around. I ordered the external plug and charged it fully. It didn't begin downloading the software like the instructions said it would. I had to go the website and download it myself. Once I did that I proceeded to download the recommended updates. When I did it instructed me to disconnect the GPS from the PC and then reconnect. I did that and it appeared that the updates were installing but when I turned it off and back on to start using it I could only see a big blinking red X and I cannot get past it. I did some research online and it looks like my GPS is "Bricked" I'm going to have to call tech support and see if they can fix it but from what I have read online tech support cannot fix this particular issue. I waited too long to get the charger and it's too late to return it. My buddy bought a Garmin and he says it works flawlessly. I'm afraid I may have thrown away $200.00 on this product.	The BrandXYZ ONE 130 is easy-to-use personal navigation. BrandXYZ's award-winning software means effortless navigation from point A to point B. Switch on and go right out of the box. Just enter the address on the touchscreen and start driving anywhere in the United States or Canada. BrandXYZ guides you door-to-door with turn-by-turn spoken instructions. And 3D graphics help guide you to your destination, worry free. Easy-to-use widescreen navigation. Click to enlarge. BrandXYZ's award-winning so...
4307	I LOVE my Tom Tom!!!	I researched this item on Consumer Reports first and plugged in all the important features I was looking for, including price. I am extremely happy with the value and how well the product has performed so far. The touch screen is easy and clear and it shows you the names of streets before you come to them. I would definitely recommend this product. It is easy to use and helpful when navigation and directions aren't your forte!	The BrandXYZ ONE 130 is easy-to-use personal navigation. BrandXYZ's award-winning software means effortless navigation from point A to point B. Switch on and go right out of the box. Just enter the address on the touchscreen and start driving anywhere in the United States or Canada. BrandXYZ guides you door-to-door with turn-by-turn spoken instructions. And 3D graphics help guide you to your destination, worry free. Easy-to-use widescreen navigation. Click to enlarge. BrandXYZ's award-winning so...
8379	Functional & Classy	The Think Tank Urban Disguise 40 is a solidly built and attractive camera bag that doesn't really look like a typical camera bag. It holds a tremendous amount of gear... in mine, I carry a Canon 5D with 24-105mm lens attached, Canon 70-200mm f/4 zoom, Canon 50mm f/1.4 lens, 430EX flash in its case, along with extra CF cards and spare batteries. I could easily fit more. The bag comes with more velcro dividers than I know what to do with, allowing for many different configuations. Every component of the Think Tank is top quality, and the construction is second to none. The only problem? Filled, it's heavy... it holds so much that I end up carrying way more gear with me than I really need in most instances. Even so, the padded shoulder strap makes it relatively comfortable to wear. Now I need a smaller bag for those times when I want to carry less... I'm thinking that this bag's little sibling, the Urban Disguise 20, might fit the bill for me. Probably no reason to go with another brand when I'm so satisfied with this one.	The BrandXYZ Urban Disguise shoulder bags allow you to travel in style and protect your valuable equipment without attracting attention to yourself as a photographer.
8380	Great bag	It looks more as a laptop bag than a camera bag. Plenty of space for lots of stuff. I carry inside a nikon d300 with the 18-200 lens attached, a SB600 flash, a sony cx7 video camera and all the respective spare bateries, two filters, a difuser for the built in flash, and a few documents. I still have space in the outside pockets to carry my garmin etrex (for geotagging) and the tomtom gps navigator that I remove from my car. All in all a fantastic camera bag.	The BrandXYZ Urban Disguise shoulder bags allow you to travel in style and protect your valuable equipment without attracting attention to yourself as a photographer.
4312	Good value	I've used my TomTom just a few times (3) and have found it to be very accurate. It recalculates routes very quickly when I don't follow the one it initially gives me. I'm a little backward when it comes to new technology, but it's intuitive to use. I had a little trouble when I first turned it on--I got a screen with a red x. I went to the website for a solution and found instructions to re-load the software. That was a simple process and it worked. I've not had any trouble since. It does seem to take a couple of minutes to find a signal when I first turn it on, but has never lost the signal once it gets going. I think it's a great value and suits my minimal needs perfectly.	The BrandXYZ ONE 130 is easy-to-use personal navigation. BrandXYZ's award-winning software means effortless navigation from point A to point B. Switch on and go right out of the box. Just enter the address on the touchscreen and start driving anywhere in the United States or Canada. BrandXYZ guides you door-to-door with turn-by-turn spoken instructions. And 3D graphics help guide you to your destination, worry free. Easy-to-use widescreen navigation. Click to enlarge. BrandXYZ's award-winning so...
4315	DO NOT BUY! Speaker is weak.	The voice directions were extremely hard to hear, even with the volume at 100%, the radio turned off, and the "link volume to speed" setting (i.e. voice gets louder as you go faster) turned off. A call to TomTom support was absolutely no help - they simply said it was "the nature of the product", they were fully aware of the problem, and there was nothing they would do. No refund, no nothing.	The BrandXYZ ONE 130 is easy-to-use personal navigation. BrandXYZ's award-winning software means effortless navigation from point A to point B. Switch on and go right out of the box. Just enter the address on the touchscreen and start driving anywhere in the United States or Canada. BrandXYZ guides you door-to-door with turn-by-turn spoken instructions. And 3D graphics help guide you to your destination, worry free. Easy-to-use widescreen navigation. Click to enlarge. BrandXYZ's award-winning so...
8689	So Big for Me, a 1.68meter man	I received this bag yesterday and pretty pleased with my decision. This shoulder bag is BIG on the look and spacious from inside. The reason I bought choose this one is for light travel and a bit of fashion. Because my gear was still very simple, I can not upload a picture show how I would pack with this bag. The material and structure look intact. The bag by itself was not padded but the "designated inserts". Through my observation, I could easily put a 2 D90 attached a 18-105mm lens with hood. 4 SB 600 Flash and a 15.4inch laptop. And of course still have some space for smaller items. I am going to use this bag for traveling in tropical country and will update this review whenever I return	The Earth Explorer Large Shoulder Bag (2477) is an everyday, functional shoulder bag that will hold all of your personal gear along with a laptop, camera, or camcorder. The bag features designated protective zones that safeguard the delicate equipment within. One designated internal padded compartment holds 17?and similar size laptops, Two designated removable inserts, that provide protection for a medium-size digital/SLR camera or mini DV camcorder and laptop accessories (these inserts separate...
4341	Worth the money	I wouldn't bet my life on it but it works pretty well. My guess is any GPS would have some drawbacks. My main gripe is the route planning. After you select a destination, you can pick from several options normally fastest way or shortest way. My complaint is you can modify the route but it will not save it. The next time you enter the destination is calculates the route all over again. I finally ended up entering multiple destinations as favorites and then routing to the first one, then after reaching it I entered the second favorite as a destination. The maps can be a little lacking. For example, if you want to enter a destination on a freeway you cannot enter a number because it says there are no numbers. Your only option is a cross street which is great unless you are trying to find out where something is. Another annoyance. You can add a favorite based on your current position. Since the Tom will not recognize numbers on highways/freeways, I thought I would be smart and add a favorite for a ranch in west Texas. It added the favorite fine but after I got back to Houston and tried to route to it I would get a message that there was no possible route. The spot I added was about 200 feet from the road so logically there was no way to get there. I went into map mode and added a favorite that was actually on the road and it worked fine.	The BrandXYZ ONE 130 is easy-to-use personal navigation. BrandXYZ's award-winning software means effortless navigation from point A to point B. Switch on and go right out of the box. Just enter the address on the touchscreen and start driving anywhere in the United States or Canada. BrandXYZ guides you door-to-door with turn-by-turn spoken instructions. And 3D graphics help guide you to your destination, worry free. Easy-to-use widescreen navigation. Click to enlarge. BrandXYZ's award-winning so...
8790	Pandigital 10.4 Digital Photo Frame	The product is better than I expected. The resolution is great and functions exactly as advertised.	The BrandXYZ 10.4-inch digital photo frame has an HD resolution of 1,024 x 768 pixels with a 4:3 aspect ratio for all of your photo needs. With a stylish black and espresso wood frame that seamlessly fits into any decor, the incredible PanTouch screen lets you access photos and control the display with a simple touch. View photos as if they were pages in a photo album with a convenient page turn effect by simply using a forward or backward swipe motion on the touch matte. Store your JPEG photos,...
8793	The best amplifier, period!	I run this amp with my MTX JH5512X2D enclosure. This pushes those subs at their RMS of 800 watts without any distortion, even at extremely high volume levels. I use this amp with a X15HCAP20 (search it, amazon has it) 20 farad capacitor. Flawless performance, no drops/cut outs. Do not buy this from DiscountJungle, they are not an authorized retailer and you will not get a factory warranty! If you buy this from them and it blows in a month, you'll be out all your money. Be wary of unauthorized resellers. As a follow up edit, this amp actually blew on me. MTX repaired it just fine. Paid shipping to them, they paid shipping back. Had I cheaped out and got it from DiscountJungle I would have been out the cost of it plus I'd have to buy a new one. Learn the lesson without making the mistake, only buy from authorized resellers!	mono subwoofer amplifier * 400 watts RMS x 1 at 4 ohms (800 watts RMS x 1 at 2 ohms) * 1,200 watts RMS x 1 at 1 ohm * frequency response: 20-200 Hz * variable low-pass filter (40-200 Hz, 24 dB/octave) *
4344	Awesome TOMTOM	This product was a great price, I did tons of research and found for the price this was top choice. I used it alot over a weeklong trip to another state and it was awesome. Helped find resteraunts, stores and we never ever got lost. I highly recomend this easy to use nav. You will not be disapointed.	The BrandXYZ ONE 130 is easy-to-use personal navigation. BrandXYZ's award-winning software means effortless navigation from point A to point B. Switch on and go right out of the box. Just enter the address on the touchscreen and start driving anywhere in the United States or Canada. BrandXYZ guides you door-to-door with turn-by-turn spoken instructions. And 3D graphics help guide you to your destination, worry free. Easy-to-use widescreen navigation. Click to enlarge. BrandXYZ's award-winning so...
4392	Looks Cool, But Lacking In The Range Department	Installation wasn't too bad, although connecting to my Comcast-provided Aris cable modem was a bit tricky. It's not enough to power-cycle the modem, I had to power it down and remove the backup batteries (which maintain phone service during a power outage) for about 2 minutes. Only then would the Aris modem allow WAN access to the WRT110. Comcast tech support won't tell you this, either because they don't know or they simply don't care. Comcast is only concerned that their initial install worked (ie: if you change something, the problem is "on your end"). Unfortunately, Linksys tech support wasn't much help either. Now, on to the router: It has worked *ok* for the past 3 months, but wireless range is TERRIBLE! I live in a ranch style home (2500 sq feet on each floor) with an unfinished basement. The WRT110 is in the basement, basically in the center of the house. The home is typical wood frame & drywall construction. On the main floor, I can never get better than 2 bars (even right above the router, a few feet away), yet I can get a much better signal from my neighbor's Apple Airport across the street, 300+ feet away! My previous router (Belkin wireless pre-N), provided twice the range of the WRT110, but it frequently dumped the connection. In retrospect, I wish I would have spent $60 more and bought an Apple Airport Extreme.	The RangePlus Wireless Router is really three devices in one box. First, there`s the Wireless Access Point, which lets you connect to the network without wires. There`s also a built-in 4-port full-duplex 10/100 Switch to connect your wired-Ethernet devices together. Finally, the Router function ties it all together and lets your whole network share a high-speed cable or DSL Internet connection. With the BrandXYZ RangePlus Wireless Router at the center of your home or office network, you can shar...
4412	Comcast and Tech Support	The installation CD is sraightforward and walked me thru the installation, and I had no problem connecting with my Comcast broadband. However, I'm not very computer literate and did my initial set-up using the WPA protocol (high security encryption), but was unable to get my 2nd computer's adapter to connect with the router. I finally called the 800 tech support number and my wait time was about 5-min at 8 PM (I don't know what time it was in Bombay!). The tech rep walked me thru a reconfiguration and got my adapter to connect to the router, and explained that my 2nd computer is an older one (4+ years old) and didn't support the WPA protocol; he helped me to set it up with the WEP protocol and everything worked fine. Oh yeah, I like the style without the external antennas...I call it the "Stealth" router!	The RangePlus Wireless Router is really three devices in one box. First, there`s the Wireless Access Point, which lets you connect to the network without wires. There`s also a built-in 4-port full-duplex 10/100 Switch to connect your wired-Ethernet devices together. Finally, the Router function ties it all together and lets your whole network share a high-speed cable or DSL Internet connection. With the BrandXYZ RangePlus Wireless Router at the center of your home or office network, you can shar...
4355	SAME GREAT TOMTOM NAME BUT NO REASON TO UPGRADE	Here is the latest in TomTom technology. The TomTom 130. This latest development from TomTom will be perfect for first time GPS buyers who are looking for something simple, compact, and accurate. For previous owners of the TomTom One however, this is no reason to upgrade. The product itself is as close to perfection as I've seen in a basic GPS device, hence the five star rating, but then again so is the TomTom One 3rd edition that was released late last year. The TomTom 130 model is basically the TomTom One with a few minor upgrades. The most notable would be the new flip and fold mounting capability. Instead of the standard suction cup mount that TomTom owners are used to owning as a separate component (one that slides in and out of the back custom grooves of the TomTom itself) there is now an attached mount that folds into the unit for easy storage. This is convenient but in my opinion and like the other minor upgrades, no reason to toss out your old TomTom One in exchange. iPod has set the standard for a lot of electronic thresholds, none being more noticeable than the size and depth of its products. To some it up...slim is in and the TomTom 130 is even slimmer than its big brother the TomTom One weighing in at a 6.1 ounces and only 1 inch in depth. Here are the some minor specs: Unit Size: 3.8"H x 3.2"W x 1"D Display Size: 3.5" (Diagonal) Weight: 6.1 oz Also worth noting is the TomTom 130 now boasts a 3 hour battery charge instead of the paltry 2 hour that left TomTom One owners completely dependent on the cigarette chargers in their cars. 3 hours isn't exactly a wealth of time but it is an improvement and a little more realistic. Also included with the product is TomTom's exclusive Map Share feature that allows users to make their own map corrections and share them with other TomTom customers through their online connection using the TomTom Home software on their PC. This service is free of charge. This has been the subject of some confusion among TomTom users and should be pointed out. Some customers mistakenly think the Map Share updates they receive are entire map upgrades. This is not so. Although TomTom does provide its customers with Map Share updates free of charge these only include minor map modifications, such as dead end streets that weren't marked properly or points-of-interest that were marked out of place. These Map Share updates do not include the miles of new roads being built every year across America & Canada. In order to receive these major map updates customers will have to pay for them. Of course the TomTom 130 will already come included with the latest Tele Atlas which is now version 720.1802, and although TomTom has major map upgrades throughout the year most customers (including myself) will be content with just paying for an upgrade once a year. This guarantees that you will always have the latest maps with the newest roads. Like the TomTom One 3rd Edition the TomTom 130 comes with a "Help Me" button which when pressed opens features such as "Phone For Help" which displays emergency numbers for the current location (such as and typically 911) "Drive To Help" which show you the quickest way to the nearest police station or hospital and a "First Aid Guide" which is provided by the British Red Cross. Also included in the safety features is an option to sound a custom alarm if any of the following occur: 1. When approaching a school or church 2. When driving faster than a set speed 3. When driving faster than allowed The 130 still uses the same TomTom touch screen user-interface so prior TomTom users will already be familiar with the controls but with such a user friendly design even new customers will have the hang of it in no time. The screen is a bright 3.5 inch full TFT color LCD with 320 x 240 pixels that supports 64K colors. For first time GPS buyers this unit is perfect because of its price, portability, latest maps, outstanding user-interface, and simplicity. For someone looking to upgrade to something a little more advanced try the TomTom 130S with text-to-speech capability (verbal pronunciation of street names).	The BrandXYZ ONE 130 is easy-to-use personal navigation. BrandXYZ's award-winning software means effortless navigation from point A to point B. Switch on and go right out of the box. Just enter the address on the touchscreen and start driving anywhere in the United States or Canada. BrandXYZ guides you door-to-door with turn-by-turn spoken instructions. And 3D graphics help guide you to your destination, worry free. Easy-to-use widescreen navigation. Click to enlarge. BrandXYZ's award-winning so...
4357	130 v VZ Navigator on RAZR cellphone	We got the 130 last week, just before long road trip. It worked well out of the box. Set up was a breeze. My GPS experience was limited to the VZ Navigator on my RAZR through Verizon. The positioning with the "true" GPS was smoother and available in more rural areas. I found myself still using the "live" aspect of the VZ Navigator on the cellphone. It's nice to find continuously updated phone numbers, etc. when driving someplace. Like "show me the nearest Starbucks" queries just are not available on the tomtom one 130. Plus the phone can call those listings, and send location messages to others. I missed the text to speech aspect of VZ Navigator. I guess that's available with the 130S. The VZ Navigator is an add-on to mobile service ($10 per month). I did find the 130 combined with GOOG 411 was a nice combination for finding addresses and navigating to them. The GOOG 411 is voice navigated version of google you access over your mobile phone... it's free. I wish there was a way to mix the cellphone and the better GPS... oh, I guess Apple has now taken care of that with the new iPhone 3G with GPS.	The BrandXYZ ONE 130 is easy-to-use personal navigation. BrandXYZ's award-winning software means effortless navigation from point A to point B. Switch on and go right out of the box. Just enter the address on the touchscreen and start driving anywhere in the United States or Canada. BrandXYZ guides you door-to-door with turn-by-turn spoken instructions. And 3D graphics help guide you to your destination, worry free. Easy-to-use widescreen navigation. Click to enlarge. BrandXYZ's award-winning so...
4384	Easy Peasy	I was able to set up this product in minutes with no hassle. I like the fact that it supports WPA2 and 802.11n. I have had no connectivity issues whatsoever in my 2-story house (~1700 sf), and I've been able to use it in the backyard. It works well with my macbook pro, and I also have a windows desktop and Tivo hooked up to it, both with wired connections. When my sister comes over and brings her laptop, she can also connect up simultaneously with no problem. I was afraid that lack of external antenna would make it not work so well, but this is not the case.	The RangePlus Wireless Router is really three devices in one box. First, there`s the Wireless Access Point, which lets you connect to the network without wires. There`s also a built-in 4-port full-duplex 10/100 Switch to connect your wired-Ethernet devices together. Finally, the Router function ties it all together and lets your whole network share a high-speed cable or DSL Internet connection. With the BrandXYZ RangePlus Wireless Router at the center of your home or office network, you can shar...
4385	Very Easy Setup and Improved Range	I also have Comcast and was able to hook up this unit, replacing a WRT54G, with no problem at all using a Windows XP desktop and the installation wizard CD. The WRT54G's limited range did not work in all areas of my house, and the WRT110 has resolved that issue. Devices that are 80-100 feet away from the unit have a strong, consistent signal. The only downside that I have found with Linksys is that the wait times on support calls has become greatly extended from what it was two years ago. It seems like the support staffing has not kept up with the number of units being supported.	The RangePlus Wireless Router is really three devices in one box. First, there`s the Wireless Access Point, which lets you connect to the network without wires. There`s also a built-in 4-port full-duplex 10/100 Switch to connect your wired-Ethernet devices together. Finally, the Router function ties it all together and lets your whole network share a high-speed cable or DSL Internet connection. With the BrandXYZ RangePlus Wireless Router at the center of your home or office network, you can shar...
4732	Excellent so far!	I have had my unit for about two weeks now and have been testing it out on all my local trips to make sure it works and does not send me in the wrong direction locally, so I know I can depend on it when I have no idea where I am going. It has been great and has guided me to every point without incident. The voice prompts are very clear. The night mode is excellent and the unit is very easy to see. The interface is extremely user friendly, my 9 year old insists on typing in all our addresses and she has already mastered it. The POI's are also very cool. It has found every restaurant or drug store I have searched for. The one complaint I have is the outdated map and that is not really the units fault. If you call magellan within 30 days of receipt and jump through a few hoops (provide proof of purchase and pay $10 shipping) you get an updated map. Overall excellent unit so far..	Get full turn-by-turn navigation, LIVE traffic capability, 6 million Points of Interest, SayWhere text-to speech, an extra large 4.3-inch wide-format, full color touchscreen and more. The BrandXYZ RoadMate 1430 has a built-in traffic receiver. LIVE traffic reports appear on the interactive touchscreen with delay advisories for incidents along your route. Your GPS calculates ETA by intelligently factoring traffic flow and prompts you to re-route whenever a quicker way is available. A free 3-month...
4733	Bad Software	From the fastest routing mode, the software installed in this GPS was taking us on local roads with congested traffic instead of keeping us freeways. Fortunately about a month after I bought it, Magellan posted firmware that corrected the problem.	Get full turn-by-turn navigation, LIVE traffic capability, 6 million Points of Interest, SayWhere text-to speech, an extra large 4.3-inch wide-format, full color touchscreen and more. The BrandXYZ RoadMate 1430 has a built-in traffic receiver. LIVE traffic reports appear on the interactive touchscreen with delay advisories for incidents along your route. Your GPS calculates ETA by intelligently factoring traffic flow and prompts you to re-route whenever a quicker way is available. A free 3-month...
4734	Con: Maps/Addresses don't match! (Pro: It talks to you)	The software on the Magellan 1430 is a bit curious, to say the least: Our subdivision, which has been in existence for over 3 years, shows up on their map data, but NOT in the address database. We can't even enter our 'home' address as a starting point, because it doesn't recognize our street as being in existence, even though it shows it clearly on the map portion of the device! What the heck?!?!? It would be much easier to use if I could actually enter my home address as a starting location; other than that, on the "pro" side, it talks to you, so you don't have to try and read a screen while driving (yikes!!) I REALLY hope Magellan gets their software act together soon! If/when they do, this unit would be great, until then its kind of a waste of cash. I would recommend going with Garmon until Magellan can properly synchronize the different types of data information so this unit is actualy usable. What good is having great, up-to-the-minute maps if you can't enter the addresses that correspond with the points on those maps?!?!?	Get full turn-by-turn navigation, LIVE traffic capability, 6 million Points of Interest, SayWhere text-to speech, an extra large 4.3-inch wide-format, full color touchscreen and more. The BrandXYZ RoadMate 1430 has a built-in traffic receiver. LIVE traffic reports appear on the interactive touchscreen with delay advisories for incidents along your route. Your GPS calculates ETA by intelligently factoring traffic flow and prompts you to re-route whenever a quicker way is available. A free 3-month...
4735	Don't buy	Magellan Customer service is the worst customer service I have ever dealt with. They offer a free 30 day map update since all of their products ship with out of date maps. This would be a good thing except it is in the fine print of their products and their customer support email address that their website list is the wrong address. I had to get through to their customer service by posting a bad review on their website. By the time they responded my unit was beyond the 30 day limit and they refused to give me the update. This is a bad business practice. Garmin has a 60 day guarantee which is posted directly on their website in plain view.	Get full turn-by-turn navigation, LIVE traffic capability, 6 million Points of Interest, SayWhere text-to speech, an extra large 4.3-inch wide-format, full color touchscreen and more. The BrandXYZ RoadMate 1430 has a built-in traffic receiver. LIVE traffic reports appear on the interactive touchscreen with delay advisories for incidents along your route. Your GPS calculates ETA by intelligently factoring traffic flow and prompts you to re-route whenever a quicker way is available. A free 3-month...
9653	Amazon never shipped the Correct Item !!!	I was happy at first to see this item offered through Amazon. THEN the mess started: Amazon never shipped the correct item! After shipping me the wrong item the first time and having to go through the RMA process. (With a customer service person on the phone....and she assured me they will get me the correct item on this NEXT shipping) Wrong AGAIN! they kept shipping me the Atdec V-FS-DV and not the V-FS-Q as advertised! The second customer service rep... Looked at the webpage, saw the price and promptly closed that webpage? (Or put a hold on that page.. she said they will refund my money...Then, she said, I could come back to that page and try ordering again at a later time once they worked out this shipping problem? Their fix was to JUMP up the price by an additional $120.00...... Sounds like the old "bait and switch" move...and not standing behind what your advertising. I am highly disappointed in Amazon!!!! I never though they would "bait and switch" their customers.	The Visidec Freestanding is contemporary designed mounts for LCD displays for home and office applications. Visidec offers great value in terms of price and functionality, award-winning design, and ease of installation.
4737	Excellent Upgrade That cost less.	I "upgraded" from an older Roadmate 3000T. This RoadMate 1430 takes all the things that are good about the old one and improves on them. Very easy to navigate touchscreen. Just play with the screen pushing different icons and you will love how easy it is. You don't have to always go to different screens to change things. I love the multidestination feature and the spoken street names. The only thing that will make these GPS units better is if they team up with google or mapquest, etc, so you can custom make a map and import it into the gps. Now that would be the ultimate. I have never had any need for the traffic re-routing.	Get full turn-by-turn navigation, LIVE traffic capability, 6 million Points of Interest, SayWhere text-to speech, an extra large 4.3-inch wide-format, full color touchscreen and more. The BrandXYZ RoadMate 1430 has a built-in traffic receiver. LIVE traffic reports appear on the interactive touchscreen with delay advisories for incidents along your route. Your GPS calculates ETA by intelligently factoring traffic flow and prompts you to re-route whenever a quicker way is available. A free 3-month...
4739	Nice Navigator for the price	First the Pro's of this GPS unit : The wide screen is great compared to a few other GPS units I have owned in the past and easy to see the roads and points of interest. It was very easy to install on the windsheild with the suction adaptor included plus its easy to remove the unit by just a lift of the lock. It came with a 90 day free trial of road hazard warning and traffic back up to give you an option of detour to avoid the area before you came to it. Nice slim unit about the thickness of a deck of cards so if you wanted you can disconnect it and put it into your pocket if you were in an area known for high theft . The lovely womans voice is pleasant to hear which you can adjust the volume to suit your needs. Screen changes as night comes to give you a night view of the area which I found interesting. Cons : Being a brand new GPS I was very dissapointed that the maps had not been updated for many years it seems . We type in Costco which has been here for over 15 years and it never showed up nor the road it is on . After calling tech support and explaining the problem we had to pay another ten dollars ( for shipping ) to recieve the new spring 2009 map disk update . Everything works okay now and roads and business's now show up . The so called free 90 day traffic hazard never has worked and we have gone past ( and been in ) several road construction projects that's been going on for a few years on state highways and county roads, PLUS we have been in traffic back ups from accidents and rush hour traffic and the GPS never gave any warning whatsoever, so that feature does not work at all and would be a waste of money for this unit. The touch screen being new of course is hard to hit with your finger but using the eraser end of a pencil works okay for the time being . If you plan on buying this unit be prepared to fork out another ten dollars to get the updated maps from magellan, plus don't bother paying for a subscription for their traffic alert program. Just use the 90 day free trial and see if it ever gives you road warning or not.	Get full turn-by-turn navigation, LIVE traffic capability, 6 million Points of Interest, SayWhere text-to speech, an extra large 4.3-inch wide-format, full color touchscreen and more. The BrandXYZ RoadMate 1430 has a built-in traffic receiver. LIVE traffic reports appear on the interactive touchscreen with delay advisories for incidents along your route. Your GPS calculates ETA by intelligently factoring traffic flow and prompts you to re-route whenever a quicker way is available. A free 3-month...
4741	Good Value	30 January 2009 This was a great value, and I am impressed with vendor who shipped promptly and everything was as advertised. One point is Instructions are poorly written on how to add addresses;it took awhile to figure out. Car mounts are poor and when you spend a reasonable amount of money for a GPS [as in this case] and good mount should be included. But this has nothing to do with this Vendor-who I will purchase from again and again. Larry	Get full turn-by-turn navigation, LIVE traffic capability, 6 million Points of Interest, SayWhere text-to speech, an extra large 4.3-inch wide-format, full color touchscreen and more. The BrandXYZ RoadMate 1430 has a built-in traffic receiver. LIVE traffic reports appear on the interactive touchscreen with delay advisories for incidents along your route. Your GPS calculates ETA by intelligently factoring traffic flow and prompts you to re-route whenever a quicker way is available. A free 3-month...
4743	Great	This was for a gift for my friend and every time i see them they tell me how much they love to use it.	Get full turn-by-turn navigation, LIVE traffic capability, 6 million Points of Interest, SayWhere text-to speech, an extra large 4.3-inch wide-format, full color touchscreen and more. The BrandXYZ RoadMate 1430 has a built-in traffic receiver. LIVE traffic reports appear on the interactive touchscreen with delay advisories for incidents along your route. Your GPS calculates ETA by intelligently factoring traffic flow and prompts you to re-route whenever a quicker way is available. A free 3-month...
9809	Essential for Smart Pen	If you use LIvescribe Smart Pen, then these extra ink cartridges are essential. For a semester worth of writing for class notes only, you will need about 3 cartridges. So you need to keep them handy in case you need to change cartridge middle of the class/meeting. These are of the same quality as the original cartridges that come with the Smart Pen. Fun to write with.	Four Medium Blue and one Red cartridge to refills for your BrandXYZ Pulse Smartpen.
9810	Good value, thanks to Livescribe's rational pricing	The Livescribe Pulse Pen is becoming my ever more frequent companion as I learn just how useful it is. The more you write, believe it or not, the sooner you'll run out of ink. Thus the ongoing need for refills. The Livescribe pen uses a short refill of a kind I don't recall seeing before. Livescribe, much to its credit, does not gouge you for refills as printer manufacturers do for ink cartridges. They are very reasonably price at a little less than a dollar each. (If you have Amazon Prime, shipping is free making this an extraordinary value.) I am getting about fifty pages of journal entries from each cartridge, meaning a cost of about two cents per page. Not bad at all. Livescribe goes the extra mile here and cover the tip of each refill with wax to keep the ink from hardening or evaporating or whatever ink does. It is nice of Livescribe (and obviously good for business) that they don't make us of their marvelous so expensive that it is used less. Jerry	Four Medium Blue and one Red cartridge to refills for your BrandXYZ Pulse Smartpen.
4744	on the road again	Just received the gps at christmas time and have not had a chance to give it a real test. However, the times I have used it,it has performed as expected. Very colorful at night and easy to read.I have a bad tendency to try and read while driving and that scares me a bit. Alot of times driving in heavy traffic so there are certain dangers I must try to avoid. Very happy with the unit so far.	Get full turn-by-turn navigation, LIVE traffic capability, 6 million Points of Interest, SayWhere text-to speech, an extra large 4.3-inch wide-format, full color touchscreen and more. The BrandXYZ RoadMate 1430 has a built-in traffic receiver. LIVE traffic reports appear on the interactive touchscreen with delay advisories for incidents along your route. Your GPS calculates ETA by intelligently factoring traffic flow and prompts you to re-route whenever a quicker way is available. A free 3-month...
4748	Makes waking up easier	I've had this product for over a year now and both my husband and I like it very much. I don't find that the aXbo is any more difficult to set than with a regular clock. I set it for the time that I would set a regular clock for, say 6:30, and realize that it could go off as early as 6:00. By using the aXbo, we don't wake up in the middle of a deep sleep except on the rare occasion when we haven't moved in the 30 minutes prior to the alarm, causing it to use a buzzer instead of the alarm sound that I chose. My husband travels often for business and has far more early mornings than I do (getting up before 5:30). On those nights he always uses the aXbo and has never had a problem with either not waking up or only waking up enough to turn off the alarm and then falling back asleep. For us, this product has been well worth the money and I would definitely buy it again.	BrandXYZ, the world's first sleep phase alarm clock, is designed to wake you up at your body?s optimum wake-up time.Developed in cooperation with leading sleep scientists, BrandXYZ?s patented sleep phase technology uses a wireless sensor to measure your body movements during sleep and transfer the information to BrandXYZ. BrandXYZ uses this data to calculate your ideal wake-up time within a 30 minute span before your requested wake-up time so you wake up feeling refreshed, not tired.BrandXYZ wil...
4749	Nice way to wake up.	I've been using this alarm clock for around two years. It is very easy to set up and use. You just set it to the time when you need to be up and it wakes you up sometime in the 30 minutes previous when it detects that you are in a light sleep. It plays one of several selectable sounds to wake you. If you are in a deep sleep clear through the 30 minutes then it wakes you up with a buzzer, but I rarely wake up to that. I had no problem getting used to sleeping with the wristband on. Before this clock, I very often slept through my alarm, or worse, dreamt that I woke up and tried to turn off the alarm except that I couldn't turn it off. I know, it's weird. Most of the time when this clock goes off, I feel like I was about to wake up anyway. The two things that would make it absolutely perfect would be first, more control over the options (i.e. I would love to be able to set it to wake me up within an hour of the selected time.) The second thing would be if the wristbands vibrated when the alarm went off. I know that this would require occasional battery changes, but it would be worth it.	BrandXYZ, the world's first sleep phase alarm clock, is designed to wake you up at your body?s optimum wake-up time.Developed in cooperation with leading sleep scientists, BrandXYZ?s patented sleep phase technology uses a wireless sensor to measure your body movements during sleep and transfer the information to BrandXYZ. BrandXYZ uses this data to calculate your ideal wake-up time within a 30 minute span before your requested wake-up time so you wake up feeling refreshed, not tired.BrandXYZ wil...
4750	When it works....	I own this product. Its is extremely expensive but does do what it claims. When it works, ~50 percent of the time, it wakes you up feeling refreshed. However setting the alarm is a pain.. If it worked more of the time I'd use it more often but as it is it just sits on my shelf.	BrandXYZ, the world's first sleep phase alarm clock, is designed to wake you up at your body?s optimum wake-up time.Developed in cooperation with leading sleep scientists, BrandXYZ?s patented sleep phase technology uses a wireless sensor to measure your body movements during sleep and transfer the information to BrandXYZ. BrandXYZ uses this data to calculate your ideal wake-up time within a 30 minute span before your requested wake-up time so you wake up feeling refreshed, not tired.BrandXYZ wil...
4751	Sleep Clock from hell	Pros: Cons: 1. It is very difficult to installed. It froze my system the first time I tried. It installed on the third attempt. Then it took another three attempts to install the updates. 2. The major problem was that it woke me 30 minutes early the first time I used it and 21 minutes early the second time. I did not feel rested when I was awakened. I would've liked to sleep more. 3. The graph of my sleep patterns showed number of movements with no explanation. It was a little use. I am returning my unit to Amazon. I wasted a lot of time installing and trying to use this unit.	BrandXYZ, the world's first sleep phase alarm clock, is designed to wake you up at your body?s optimum wake-up time.Developed in cooperation with leading sleep scientists, BrandXYZ?s patented sleep phase technology uses a wireless sensor to measure your body movements during sleep and transfer the information to BrandXYZ. BrandXYZ uses this data to calculate your ideal wake-up time within a 30 minute span before your requested wake-up time so you wake up feeling refreshed, not tired.BrandXYZ wil...
4754	Great lens at a great price!	I recently purchased a Nikon D300 and due to it's price could not afford the Nikon lenses I wanted since they would have cost as much or more than the camera. Research brought me to the Sigma lenses. I am not a pro by any means but shoot lots of photos. Believe me, these lenses work great and I really like them.	The 18-50mm f/3.5-5.6 DC lens was exclusively designed to suit the characteristics of digital SLR cameras. Ideal as a standard starter zoom lens.The use of aspherical lenses provides correction for various aberrations throughout the entire zoom range and produce a high level of optical performance. DC lenses are exclusively designed for digital SLR cameras. The image circle (rear of lens) is made to match the smaller dimensions used for the image sensor on digital cameras. As a result these lens...
4755	Barato pero funcionan perfectamente.	Funcionan perfectamente en bodys nikon peque?os, exactamente en una D40x. livianos, autofocus regularmente rapido, algunas veces autofocus indesiso. El Telefoto 70-300 es un poco mas ruidoso que el 18-50. Es una solucion economica pero fucnional. no son los lentes mas sharp que podrias comprar, pero por ese precio, no se puede pedir tanto.	The 18-50mm f/3.5-5.6 DC lens was exclusively designed to suit the characteristics of digital SLR cameras. Ideal as a standard starter zoom lens.The use of aspherical lenses provides correction for various aberrations throughout the entire zoom range and produce a high level of optical performance. DC lenses are exclusively designed for digital SLR cameras. The image circle (rear of lens) is made to match the smaller dimensions used for the image sensor on digital cameras. As a result these lens...
4763	Buying a second pair.	I used these to replace the blown 2 inch factory speakers in the dash of my Jeep Grand Cherokee. Even though these are only 1/2" they do the job well. I'm buying another pair to complete my Kicker system.	two 1/2" Kaladex dome tweeters * flush-, surface-, and angled-mounting hardware included * power handling: 6-75 watts RMS (150 watts peak power) * frequency response: 4,500-21,000 Hz * sensitivity: 92 dB *
4832	Killer DVD Player	This DVD player is a great bargain at $55. It works perfectly fine. Here's what you really want to know: 1) Make this DVD player region-free. Press Setup on the remote and go to Preferences. Press 1, 3, 8, 9, 3, 1 on the remote. Use the up and down buttons to select Region 0 (region-free). 2) Go to the General Setup page. Press 1, 3, 7, 9. This will display the firmware information. If the last two digits of Version aren't "31," then go to the Philips website and update to the most recent firmware (31). 3) For US users, the first two digits of Version will be "37." Go to http://vb6rocod.euracks.com/dvp5990_37.php and download "DVP5990_37_vb6_v32_All_Logo.rar" and follow the upgrading instructions (http://vb6rocod.euracks.com/upgrade.html). It really is as simple as it sounds, and it can be done in less than 60 seconds. I recommend the USB method. Upgrading to this firmware will give the USB capabilities of the DVD player increased functionality and usability (there are a couple dozen changes and fixes; I won't list them here). Random notes: The DVD player will only recognize jump drives and USB hard drives that are formatted in FAT32, so you will need to do that. Now, the manual says there is a limit of 300 folders and 648 files. This is not exactly true. There IS a limit of 648 files PER folder. So what reads as a limit of 648 files is actually a limit of 648 * 300 = 194,400 files. So this is NOT a limiting factor. I tested a variety of files and the DVD player can read everything I threw at it, with the exception of Quicktime files and Real files. It is equally as capable in the realm of audio files. It also has a slideshow feature for pictures. In case you are curious, it can't read PDF files. When one video or audio file finishes, it automatically goes on to the next one. It could be great for background music when hosting a party. The DVD player can access .srt subtitle files that have multiple tracks and you can flip through them while watching a foreign Divx movie. I was extremely pleased by this. The modified firmware I linked will also allow you to change the color, size, and location of the subtitles while you're watching the movie. Extremely nifty. Watching Divx movies on my TV looks perfectly sharp, and now I don't have to store or swap discs. This DVD player is a sign of the future. Get out and buy one (and a USB hard drive... if you catch a deal they're as cheap as ten cents/GB). $100 can create a total multimedia collection that changes with you. Also, the remote does feel a little cheap. But who cares? It is cheap.	BrandXYZ HDMI 1080p DVD player with true high definition video upscaling, D/A converter: 12 bit, 108 MHz progressive Scan, High Def (720p, 1080i, 1080p), Video Upscaling(720p, 1080i/p)192kHz/24 bit audio DAC enhances analogue sound input, High definition JPEG playback for images in true resolution, Brings your PC to your living room with Windows Media Video playback, DivX Ultra for enhanced playback of DivX media files, Plays DivX, MP3, WMA and JPEG digital camera photos, Plays CD, (S)VCD, DVD, ...
4833	Makes a great media center with large USB HD..	I bought this at Best Buy today. I was there picking up a 500GB WD USB HD for $90 on sale and thought i'd see what they had in the way of DivX players. I had read good things about this one and the 5992 (both have the improved USB 2.0). The 5990 was $59 at Best Buy. so for around $150 i have a great 500GB Divx/.wmv/.mp3/etc. 1080i media center for my digital TV. A great alternative to an Apple TV, which i had been contemplating for sometime. Down to the nitty gritty. If you're using a Mac to set up your DivX Hard Drive for use with this player, make sure you format your USB Drive to FAT-32 (MS-DOS), and also (very important) make sure the partition map is "Master Boot" not "Apple Partition Map". After i did that everything was smooth sailing. I've also used it with a couple flash thumb drives and it works great. Its amazing how smooth the ffwd/seek is when playing from USB. The Manual says the unit supports USB drives with maximum 300 folders and 648 files. So i figure, most DivX movies are around 700MB... times 648 = 442GB. anything larger than a 500GB drive for this DivX/DVD Player would be overkill. The picture: Very vivid, very sharp. I'm extremely impressed. I'm outputting the Component RGB Signal to my Insignia 37" Digital TV, and it looks fantastic. I have some low quality episode rips of "Rescue Me" that are very blotchy on my Macbook @ 1280x800, but playing from the Philips player they look almost DVD quality on my Television. I'm also glad i have room to upgrade in the future with the HDMI and Digital audio outputs. The menu system isn't too slow, its responsive enough. I hope this unit lasts a long time because i am really enjoying its features. Most of all i am just happy to never have to hook my computer up to the TV anymore to watch a ripped movie or TV show, i can just throw it on a usb flash drive now.	BrandXYZ HDMI 1080p DVD player with true high definition video upscaling, D/A converter: 12 bit, 108 MHz progressive Scan, High Def (720p, 1080i, 1080p), Video Upscaling(720p, 1080i/p)192kHz/24 bit audio DAC enhances analogue sound input, High definition JPEG playback for images in true resolution, Brings your PC to your living room with Windows Media Video playback, DivX Ultra for enhanced playback of DivX media files, Plays DivX, MP3, WMA and JPEG digital camera photos, Plays CD, (S)VCD, DVD, ...
4834	Good 1080P player with some firmware issues.	Pro: USB 2.0, Decent picture quality, easy all region hack, Low price. Con: Some firmware issue, no optical out as for most of Phillips. I have purchased 6 DVP5892/37 from Philips, kept 2 for myself & gave 4 away to friends & family. I love that unit for its performence/price. When my brother wants one more all region hacked 1080P player, I picked up a DVP5990 for $50.99 on sale at BBY online. Setup was easy but this player got some firmware issues. It can't recognize TV resolution via HDMI & doesn't auto convert to lower resolution. factory setting at 1080P out of the box So you need a 1080P TV to change HDMI setting for 1080i TVs. Composite Video connection & HDMI interferes each other when both are connected to TV. Video & audio performence is about the same as older DVP5982 but DVP5982 has no above issues.	BrandXYZ HDMI 1080p DVD player with true high definition video upscaling, D/A converter: 12 bit, 108 MHz progressive Scan, High Def (720p, 1080i, 1080p), Video Upscaling(720p, 1080i/p)192kHz/24 bit audio DAC enhances analogue sound input, High definition JPEG playback for images in true resolution, Brings your PC to your living room with Windows Media Video playback, DivX Ultra for enhanced playback of DivX media files, Plays DivX, MP3, WMA and JPEG digital camera photos, Plays CD, (S)VCD, DVD, ...
4839	USB 2.0	this player is alot better than the 5982,and the 5960.I tested my WD passport 250gb on the 5990 with 0 issues ,and no need for an AC adapter to power any external hardrive based on the 2.5" drive.just be sure to format your HD to FAT32. [...] I got mine from wal-mart by the way.sorry amazon walmart is cheaper update9-21-08. for owners interested in New firmware for 5990/37 *new skins *new OSD font (text and graphic) *new filebrowser (with scrollbars, outlined font, new icons) *40 cahr for filelist, 44 char for DirList *3 Mp3 TAG in filebrowser *fix "Kbps" bug. *JPeg preview small size at bottom of file list *move volume from bottom to a higher position. *Patch "Title" as "GoTo" *Auto-load subtitles *Patch subtitle area and subtitle window *Patch subtitle color scheme (use normal fonts) *fix "1 sec. srt. bug" *4 fonts for subtitle (Standard, Small, Medium and Large) http: //forum. videohelp. com/ topic355675.html 9so amazon.com doesn't remove the link like they did before) TO AMAZON.COM. PLEASE DON'T EDIT /REMOVE MY LINKS .WHY ON EARTH DID YOU REMOVE MY LINKS? I'M TRYING TO HELP THE OWNERS .I DIDN'T post any link to sell/buy	BrandXYZ HDMI 1080p DVD player with true high definition video upscaling, D/A converter: 12 bit, 108 MHz progressive Scan, High Def (720p, 1080i, 1080p), Video Upscaling(720p, 1080i/p)192kHz/24 bit audio DAC enhances analogue sound input, High definition JPEG playback for images in true resolution, Brings your PC to your living room with Windows Media Video playback, DivX Ultra for enhanced playback of DivX media files, Plays DivX, MP3, WMA and JPEG digital camera photos, Plays CD, (S)VCD, DVD, ...
4864	Good stuff!	Bought this from Wal-Mart for $57+tax Currently watching a few .avi movies through the USB port with no hiccups or sync issues! Love the remote design as well. Much improved over my old Philips set (about 5 yrs old); clean remote, sleek look, big buttons. Haven't tried to the upconverting yet, but I don't believe this will be a problem. My biggest concern was over the USB since some folks complained about AV sync issues. But as I'm watching episodes of Psych, my concerns are unfounded. Good stuff!	BrandXYZ HDMI 1080p DVD player with true high definition video upscaling, D/A converter: 12 bit, 108 MHz progressive Scan, High Def (720p, 1080i, 1080p), Video Upscaling(720p, 1080i/p)192kHz/24 bit audio DAC enhances analogue sound input, High definition JPEG playback for images in true resolution, Brings your PC to your living room with Windows Media Video playback, DivX Ultra for enhanced playback of DivX media files, Plays DivX, MP3, WMA and JPEG digital camera photos, Plays CD, (S)VCD, DVD, ...
4889	Good Value	Good value for the price. There are steps posted on the internet to make it play all regions, but have not yet tried it.	BrandXYZ HDMI 1080p DVD player with true high definition video upscaling, D/A converter: 12 bit, 108 MHz progressive Scan, High Def (720p, 1080i, 1080p), Video Upscaling(720p, 1080i/p)192kHz/24 bit audio DAC enhances analogue sound input, High definition JPEG playback for images in true resolution, Brings your PC to your living room with Windows Media Video playback, DivX Ultra for enhanced playback of DivX media files, Plays DivX, MP3, WMA and JPEG digital camera photos, Plays CD, (S)VCD, DVD, ...
4896	Well worth the money	Great picture. Great sound. Easy to get up and running. I have had great luck with Phillips products. The price is fantastic for the quality.	BrandXYZ HDMI 1080p DVD player with true high definition video upscaling, D/A converter: 12 bit, 108 MHz progressive Scan, High Def (720p, 1080i, 1080p), Video Upscaling(720p, 1080i/p)192kHz/24 bit audio DAC enhances analogue sound input, High definition JPEG playback for images in true resolution, Brings your PC to your living room with Windows Media Video playback, DivX Ultra for enhanced playback of DivX media files, Plays DivX, MP3, WMA and JPEG digital camera photos, Plays CD, (S)VCD, DVD, ...
4907	Super DVD Player	If you have video files and a USB drive this player is for you. Plays pretty much every video format I've tried.	BrandXYZ HDMI 1080p DVD player with true high definition video upscaling, D/A converter: 12 bit, 108 MHz progressive Scan, High Def (720p, 1080i, 1080p), Video Upscaling(720p, 1080i/p)192kHz/24 bit audio DAC enhances analogue sound input, High definition JPEG playback for images in true resolution, Brings your PC to your living room with Windows Media Video playback, DivX Ultra for enhanced playback of DivX media files, Plays DivX, MP3, WMA and JPEG digital camera photos, Plays CD, (S)VCD, DVD, ...
4912	ill never buy Blu-Ray	easy to hook up,hdmi cable,clear and quality pictures.easy to use instructions,saved me from going out and buying new dvd's.it upconverted my old dvd's like they were hd already.i strongly recommend this product.	BrandXYZ HDMI 1080p DVD player with true high definition video upscaling, D/A converter: 12 bit, 108 MHz progressive Scan, High Def (720p, 1080i, 1080p), Video Upscaling(720p, 1080i/p)192kHz/24 bit audio DAC enhances analogue sound input, High definition JPEG playback for images in true resolution, Brings your PC to your living room with Windows Media Video playback, DivX Ultra for enhanced playback of DivX media files, Plays DivX, MP3, WMA and JPEG digital camera photos, Plays CD, (S)VCD, DVD, ...
7231	TomTom One Mounting Kit	If you need a replacement or extra windshield mount for your TomTom One, this is the one and the place to get it. The unit is the same as the original in-the-box unit and the seller is helpful and timely. Price was fine as well. What more could you ask?	
7671	No quality at all	I didnt like it at all. Very poor product and it arrived all scratch up. It doesnt have HDMI and the audio/video quality sucks.	The JDVD520 from BrandXYZ is a 5.1 Channel Progressive-Scan DVD Player with Karaoke function. Compatible with NTSC/PAL system, it features progressive and interlaced scan video outputs. Capable of Dolby Digital decoding, it also has coaxial digital audio ou
7672	Terrible product.	Purchased this because it was the cheapest DVD player I could find with 5.1 audio output that I could use with an older A/V receiver. Turns out that you get what you pay for. Out of the box it didn't work, only recognizing some DVDs and only playing part of others. I was never able to get through a full movie, and even what it did play had poor video quality. So I sent it back. jWin said that the unit was defective and replaced it with a "refurbished" one. The second unit appears to be defective as well. It worked at first, but now will not play more than a couple minutes of any disc. Avoid this product. Spend a little extra to get something that works. As for me, I'll think twice before buying anything made by jWin again.	The JDVD520 from BrandXYZ is a 5.1 Channel Progressive-Scan DVD Player with Karaoke function. Compatible with NTSC/PAL system, it features progressive and interlaced scan video outputs. Capable of Dolby Digital decoding, it also has coaxial digital audio ou
7921	Best bang for your buck!	i was on the fence for awhile about picking out a new receiver to replace my old Sony 5.1 setup. i wanted something easy to operate for my wife and kids, something that i could run one wire to my tv so i didnt have to change inputs on the tv as well as the receiver. this onkyo was the ticket! i have my playstation 3, xbox 360, and Cox Cable box feeding this receiver, all hooked up via hdmi (for video) and optical (for audio). my tv is pre-hdmi, but i have an hdmi-dvi cable that works perfectly with this setup. installation took me about an hour. i didnt run the auto setup on the speakers because for some reason i was getting an error. i was able to set the speakers up manually very easily so this didnt bother me at all. all the hdmi inputs and all the optical inputs are assignable, which couldnt be any easier. i just hooked up all my toys (ps3, 360, cable) turned them on, and just scrolled through the inputs until the all matched up, then moved on to the next. the sound that this unit produces is absolutely amazing. dont be fooled by its low power rating because this is a high quality unit. it pushes my Klipsch Quintet II speakers much higher and produces a much cleaner sound than my Sony 100watt receiver did. the remote that is included with this receiver is perfect as well. its programmable, although it doesnt have all the commands that i need for my cable box, it can do everything except pull up the DVR menu. on top of that, its small and simple to use! the only reason i didnt give this unit a 5 star rating is because the switching between hdmi sources is a little slow, takes about 3-5 seconds to switch. all in all, it fits my needs perfectly and i wouldnt hesitate to make this purchase again!	In the case of BrandXYZ A/V receivers,? entry level? means a whole lot more than just affordability and standard functionality. You won?t find a better example than the TX-SR506, which also offers high-definition media capability and advanced sound correction technologies. With an HDMI platform handling 1080p video from three sources, the TX-SR506 brings polish and peak performance to high-definition displays and sources. Legendary BrandXYZ amplification drive and power set the foundation for de...
7923	Dissappointment	Despite the many warnings about the HDMI Pass through I purchased this anyway expecting the toslink digital audio cable to pass the 7.1 signal from my PS3. Then I learn that DIGITAL AUDIO CABLE DOES NOT PASS 7.1 it does not have enough bandwitdh to pass more than 5.1. The only way to receive true 7.1 is through HDMI 1.1 or greater and as this receiver only passes through and does not extract audio there is absolutely no way to give this receiver 7.1 surround sound... Yes it may push sound to 7.1 speakers but you are only getting a converted 5.1 signal. WHY EVEN CALL THIS A 7.1 RECEIVER? It's very misleading!!! I allways try and do as much research as possible prior to purchasing any equipment, I should have looked longer before this purchase. It will take some time for me to save more money to purchase a new receiver with HDMI Repeater.	In the case of BrandXYZ A/V receivers,? entry level? means a whole lot more than just affordability and standard functionality. You won?t find a better example than the TX-SR506, which also offers high-definition media capability and advanced sound correction technologies. With an HDMI platform handling 1080p video from three sources, the TX-SR506 brings polish and peak performance to high-definition displays and sources. Legendary BrandXYZ amplification drive and power set the foundation for de...
7926	Great product for the price - fast delivery	I had a hight problem with the space I needed to put a receiver into (less than 6"). This Onkyo fit. It was not as powerful as I wanted to buy, but to my surprize it's performance is much better than I expected. I especially like the capability of the receiver to automatically adjust the speakers using a mic that I place in the center, right and left of the sweet spot in my room. I did not expect that from an inexpensive 70 watt per channel receiver	In the case of BrandXYZ A/V receivers,? entry level? means a whole lot more than just affordability and standard functionality. You won?t find a better example than the TX-SR506, which also offers high-definition media capability and advanced sound correction technologies. With an HDMI platform handling 1080p video from three sources, the TX-SR506 brings polish and peak performance to high-definition displays and sources. Legendary BrandXYZ amplification drive and power set the foundation for de...
7927	The Right Receiver at the Right Price	OK, you have a game room, bedroom or other location where you want the benefits of a good receiver but don't want to bust the bank. This is it. The 506 hits the nail on the head. The only thing I might add, is audio pass through for the HDMI. Not a problem with digital audio outs but it would be nice to take advantage of that HDMI capability. I have it on my 705 and like it. I have 5 Onkyo receivers in my home and can tell you, I believe in Onkyo. 1 is a stereo source and the other 4 support surround sound systems at various locations. With the exception of one unit that has issues with a "hot" signal from my FIOS connection, they are flawless, easy to set up and offer good value!	In the case of BrandXYZ A/V receivers,? entry level? means a whole lot more than just affordability and standard functionality. You won?t find a better example than the TX-SR506, which also offers high-definition media capability and advanced sound correction technologies. With an HDMI platform handling 1080p video from three sources, the TX-SR506 brings polish and peak performance to high-definition displays and sources. Legendary BrandXYZ amplification drive and power set the foundation for de...
7932	Hooked up my PS3 and my desktop computer and my 5:1 surround.	I used this receiver to easily switch between/connect my HP computer to my PS3 and hook up my 5:1 theater system. Onkyo is very easy to set up (compared to Sony receivers). Only thing I made a mistake on is the 501 model doesn't relay audio through HDMI input to HDMI output (the 606 apparently DOES relay audio through its HDMI). But it worked out fine--I simply used coax cables for the HP computer and an optical out for my PS3. Sounds incredible! I can now push one button on the Onkyo receiver and my desktop shows up on the monitor. I push another button and the PS3 shows up on the monitor. (it's a huge monitor, so I didn't want to invest in a new TV... plus I'm cheap and I just wanted to buy a receiver. The Onkyo 506 on Amazon was the best price I could find anywhere.) Here's a sketch of my theater layout. Hope it helps some people: (ah! They deleted my link... probably no external links allowed. Instead...) Google the following: Onkyo my theater layout flickr chevassus By the way, definitely buy the HDMI cables on Amazon. They're about $4 each and they work just as good as the $80 Best Buy ones. Also, my optical cable was dirt cheap on Amazon too, and it works just fine.	In the case of BrandXYZ A/V receivers,? entry level? means a whole lot more than just affordability and standard functionality. You won?t find a better example than the TX-SR506, which also offers high-definition media capability and advanced sound correction technologies. With an HDMI platform handling 1080p video from three sources, the TX-SR506 brings polish and peak performance to high-definition displays and sources. Legendary BrandXYZ amplification drive and power set the foundation for de...
7935	from a seniors perspective	over the last 30 years i have had experience with 6 or 7 receivers. this onkyo is by far the best i have enjoyed. the audessey equalizer automatically tuned my speakers for some terrific sound.this is not a complicated setup.the sound maximiser means you don't need to readjust volume levels nearly as often as i had to before.price was very good.much thanks to onkyo,and amazon.	In the case of BrandXYZ A/V receivers,? entry level? means a whole lot more than just affordability and standard functionality. You won?t find a better example than the TX-SR506, which also offers high-definition media capability and advanced sound correction technologies. With an HDMI platform handling 1080p video from three sources, the TX-SR506 brings polish and peak performance to high-definition displays and sources. Legendary BrandXYZ amplification drive and power set the foundation for de...
7953	EXCELLENT RECEIVER!	this is a great receiver! performs great, sounds great. HDMI pass thru is not a problem. as everyone else has stated, just run a toslink to the TV. works great! more than enough power to run my polk 5-1 system. very satisfied!	In the case of BrandXYZ A/V receivers,? entry level? means a whole lot more than just affordability and standard functionality. You won?t find a better example than the TX-SR506, which also offers high-definition media capability and advanced sound correction technologies. With an HDMI platform handling 1080p video from three sources, the TX-SR506 brings polish and peak performance to high-definition displays and sources. Legendary BrandXYZ amplification drive and power set the foundation for de...
7976	Not impressed	Just hooked it up and apparently this piece will not play audio through HDMI. It has pass-through and can only be played through the TV. Whats the point? I'm sure the rest of it is satisfactory but I could have kept my old non-HDMI.	In the case of BrandXYZ A/V receivers,? entry level? means a whole lot more than just affordability and standard functionality. You won?t find a better example than the TX-SR506, which also offers high-definition media capability and advanced sound correction technologies. With an HDMI platform handling 1080p video from three sources, the TX-SR506 brings polish and peak performance to high-definition displays and sources. Legendary BrandXYZ amplification drive and power set the foundation for de...
7979	Extremely happy!	Buy this. Great sound! Easy to set up. Excellent quality at a great price. Wow!	In the case of BrandXYZ A/V receivers,? entry level? means a whole lot more than just affordability and standard functionality. You won?t find a better example than the TX-SR506, which also offers high-definition media capability and advanced sound correction technologies. With an HDMI platform handling 1080p video from three sources, the TX-SR506 brings polish and peak performance to high-definition displays and sources. Legendary BrandXYZ amplification drive and power set the foundation for de...
7989	Inconsistent monitor programming feature	In October, I ordered one 22" Hyundai monitor. As far as I was concerned, it worked perfectly. I then ordered another matching monitor. However, when I attempted to program the second monitor for a widescreen display, the decision tree omitted the option (featured on the decision tree on my first monitor) to switch from native display to widescreen. I subsequently returned both monitors to TigerDirect for a full refund.	BrandXYZ 22-Inch WD 1000 DVI/SPK BK
7990	LCD Monitor	The Hyundai X224W is a great monitor for the price. Speakers are weak but are fine for a small room. Seller was easy to work with and the product arrived on time without any damage.	BrandXYZ 22-Inch WD 1000 DVI/SPK BK
7993	Buyer Beware: Smartparts does not exist	I have the Smartparts SB800B. I didn't buy it through Amazon. I bought it through Woot. Purchased and was told it had a 90 day manufacturer's warranty. It was dead on arrival. Went to the Smartparts website and got the technical support 800 number. I was told that because I didn't purchase it through an official distributor (read: distributor of their choice) that the warrant didn't apply. I was of course upset. I asked for the supervisor. I was told there are no supervisors. I lost it. I ranted at the poor customer service lady until finally I was put on hold for about 2-3 minutes. Another representative came on and explained the same thing, adding that the warranty replacements needed to be saved for their customers (read: customers who bought it at the distributors of their choice). It was also explained that the support was provided by another company (Winnit I think). I was not happy but willing to accept the Customer Service Manager's words. When asked for the number to the HQ so I may take it up with Smartparts directly, I was advised that the numbers have been disconnected. The long and short of it is that the company is not real, there is no one you can contact who works for Smartparts. As such, buyer beware. Side note: I work in customer service. You DO NOT EVER tell the customer that there is no supervisor. That is a bald-faced lie and what ultimately set me off.	Classic styling and modern convenience combine in this 8-inch digital picture frame. Pictures are sharp and vibrant thanks to the 800 x 600 pixel LCD panel. Photos can be viewed in an automatic slideshow or one at a time with the use of the built-in control buttons or the supplied remote control. Slideshows can be enhanced with music. Video clips can be shown as well. Updating the internal memory is easy with the help of the included OptiPix(TM) Pro software for Windows. In three easy steps, Opt...
8007	Best unit on the market	Dont be afraid of the name Valor. They make top of the line equipment at a very reasonable price. This unit does it all and has a very friendly interface. Perhaps the biggest selling point is all the accessories it comes with. It comes with an ipod cable, nav dvd, a 2 gb card to download updates, 2 remotes and also a very "mouse" that allows you to change station/songs with a mouse scroll wheel as well as volume. Pretty much everything in the unit you can fully customize. The nav is very accurate and has a lot more points of interest than i ever expected. Sound quality is great with plenty of equalizer options. Bluetooth is a great function- i guess you dont always sound incredibly clear on the other end but no real complaints. If youre in the market for a multimedia system to handle everything you need- look no further. I had looked at pioneers and jensens and the extras you needed to buy were just too much. This is BY FAR the best bang for the buck. Dont hesistate because you want to buy a name brand. Youll end up with a better unit and only spend half the money.	Navigation Features:. * Smart Dial Technology. * Includes Maps of U.S. and Canada in a DVD-ROM. * Includes GPS Antenna and Interface Cable. * NAV-1 GPS Navigation Unit Included in Package. * Voice Guidance. * 11 Million Points of Interest(POI) Database. * 2D/3D Map Views. * Automatic Rerouting. LCD Display Features:. * Fully Motorized 7LCD Screen. * Touch Screen Control of all Functions. * Fully Interactive DVD Menus on Touch Screen. * Turn-By-Turn On-Screen Display. * 336,950 pixel display. ...
9813	Great pen, Not so great Ink.....	I want to make it clear that this review is regarding the ink only, not the pen itself, since it seems as if many of the reviews here address the pen, which is sold seperatly. I have to say that I agree with the other poster when I say that I am going through more pen cartridges than expected. I just looked and I am writing about 120 pages per 2 cartridges (or 60 pages per cartridge). This also counts about the last 20 pages being written by doing the "scribble to try to get the ink to come back" technique. While I think they are priced very reasonably, I do not think that this should lower my expectation of the life I should get out of a pen refill. Which brings me to my next concern. Having to go through so many refills makes this a little less than enviromentally friendly, but what puts this over the edge in my world of green is the packaging: This comes in an unbelievably large box just to hold 5 tiny cartridges. I actually thought the box was empty, and there was the tiny envelope at the bottom with the cartridges in it. Kind of reminded me of how they used to sell the PC games in these HUGE boxes just for a CD. I still love my Livescribe pen and cannot live without it, but provide these tips in hopes that some improvements can be made in these crucial areas.	Four Medium Blue and one Red cartridge to refills for your BrandXYZ Pulse Smartpen.
9815	Pulse Pen '	The Pulse Pen Computer is fantastic! It is fun to use, easy and a great tool! Being able to purchase cartridges and notebooks easily and cheaply make it even better. Thanks to Amazon for carrying the materials.	Four Medium Blue and one Red cartridge to refills for your BrandXYZ Pulse Smartpen.
9816	Best Gadget and totally worth the money	I love this pen. I am an adult who has returned to school and this pen has been more than helpful. I also use it for work. Board meetings and such. The price seems high but this product pays for itself right away.	Four Medium Blue and one Red cartridge to refills for your BrandXYZ Pulse Smartpen.
9817	Great gift	So far so good. It was a great gift for my husband, who takes a lot of notes when programming. He loves it and says it was easy to set up and get started	Four Medium Blue and one Red cartridge to refills for your BrandXYZ Pulse Smartpen.
8008	The Best All-in-one Money Can Buy	I have a wonderful 10 year old Volkswagen Passat that works perfectly but the original audio cassette needs replacing. As I had just sold my 2007 Nissan and returned to the Passat (didn't drive or perform as well as the Turbo 2.0 and the old Passat still gets 36 mpg highway) money was no object as I searched for the best possible all in one system. I was disappointed by all the well known top end products. They had many weaknesses, i.e. poor iPod support, poor integration (ie. you could either navigate OR listen to the radio but not both). Also, I needed an in-dash system. I gambled on the Valor because although there wasn't any negative info, there wasn't any positive info at the time. After purchase, I was going to install the device myself, but after reading the manual, opted for the Tweeter custom installer. Tweeter Rockville did an excellent job for about $200. I was impressed from the minute I turned the unit on. It is very well designed. It took a few minutes to understand when to use the two dial system and when to use the touch screen (you want to use both for speed), but the interface shows much thought. As soon as you turn it on, the display extends out and folds up for viewing. The radio quality is superb and it has a button at the top of the unit that will automatically program in all the strong stations. I was concerned that my poor radio quality with the original stereo had been the fault of the antenna, and happy to find the new unit fixed the problem. The iPod interface is the best I've seen. I have the latest 3G iPhone and while it doesn't provide the right power to charge the iPhone, with the iPod jack (that tweeter installed nicely in a recessed area just beneath the stereo), I could fully control all iPod features of the iPhone from the Valor's large 7" display. This is incredible to be able to use the touch screen to access playlists and and the scroll wheels to fly through the lists of music and audiobooks. The sound is great. The one odd but minor weakness is that to view video from the iPhone/iPod, you must hit play on the iPod device. The navigation system is interesting in that it clearly is a custom product and not the standard Garmin or Magellan product bolted on. This is both bad and great. It's bad because you have to spend several minutes learning a new Nav interface. It's great because it is fully integrated within the unit. That means that when you plan a trip, the navigation still works as you listen to the iPod or Radio. There is a single convenient display Switch button that toggles between the Nav and other active display. I don't recall that any other unit got this feature right. And regardless of what you are listening to or viewing, the Nav system's voice can/(will by default) gently pause the audio, tell you the turn that's coming up and return you to the audio as you would expect. Again, reviews of other products showed they came up short in this area. I have not used the DVD, bluetooth or remote control features yet. When turning off the unit, it conveniently puts the display away. There is one quality issue I haven't had a chance to look into .. the video seems to flicker. It may be auto adjusting to the light, so I need to check the settings. In all, I like that I no longer have to mess with attaching a GPS to the Window or dash and I like being able to fully control iPod music from the device. If you have an older car and need an in-dash unit, this is absolutely the best product you can buy.	Navigation Features:. * Smart Dial Technology. * Includes Maps of U.S. and Canada in a DVD-ROM. * Includes GPS Antenna and Interface Cable. * NAV-1 GPS Navigation Unit Included in Package. * Voice Guidance. * 11 Million Points of Interest(POI) Database. * 2D/3D Map Views. * Automatic Rerouting. LCD Display Features:. * Fully Motorized 7LCD Screen. * Touch Screen Control of all Functions. * Fully Interactive DVD Menus on Touch Screen. * Turn-By-Turn On-Screen Display. * 336,950 pixel display. ...
8009	Good unit, but not without problems	I've had my NVG-720W for a little over a year now, and have gotten a lot of value out of it. I did use the CD-DVD drive for my music to start with, but the player would make the disks so hot the dye in the CD-R would discolor. I copied my music over to a SD card, and haven't had any problems since. Lesson 1: use the CD-DVD drive occasionally, and give it a chance to cool off often Bluetooth works well. I paired the head with my Motorola V3 phone, and it hasn't had a hiccup since. The best way to answer the call is to have the screen open. The instant your phone rings, the music pauses (or radio and GPS mutes), and the phone screen pops up. Just hit the green button onscreen and start yelling (more on that momentarily). The second method, briefly pressing the on/off/volume knob, is iffy: what usually happens for me is the phone is answered, then instantly hangs up the call, and I have to call back the person by hauling out my phone and going through it's call history. The microphone in the head is fairly insensitive (probably to reduce feedback), so you have to raise your voice to a level your passengers will probably object to. Lesson 2: the phone works, but you're going to have to yell at it. GPS is well implemented, and has a pleasant voice. I would like it to pause the music for the GPS announcements as it does for the phone, but it only mutes the audio. My big complaint is that the GPS OS is a version of embedded MS Windows, and it will sometimes "Blue Screen of Death" if you drive for more than 6 hours. The reset button you access using a paperclip won't get rid of the BSOD. To reset the GPS computer you have to pull off the road, park, and shut off the car. Wait at least 30 seconds before restarting. Only the GPS sub-unit suffers this problem: the GPS can be totally locked up, and the music plays on. The BSOD doesn't always happen, but check on the system if you're driving all day. Lesson 3: Don't program a route that will take longer than 6 hours to drive, and expect the GPS to make it. Tip: Radio Shack sells A/V extension cables for running to the back of your TV or VCR, so you don't have to reach behind all your gear to reach the connectors. They end in a D-shaped plastic hood with 3 RCA sockets and a S-video socket. Get two: one for the rear seat headrest screens, the other for the A/V input, and use a portable labler for each. Really makes using those sockets convenient. Tip: If you aren't installing a rear-view camera immediately, and you're in Radio Shack anyway, get a cable TV coax as long as your vehicle and a female F to male RCA adaptor. It will make the later addition of your camera much simpler. If you supply the cables, your installer can put them on before he closes up your dash, and it will save a lot of trouble later. I'm using an external XM radio reciever, and only playing the audio through the NVG-720W Aux A/V inputs. I don't own an Ipod, so I haven't used that cable, although I did have it attached and put in the glovebox. I also haven't played a DVD with video on it yet. I gave a rating of 4 stars, but I'd up it to 5 stars if they'd fix the BSOD on the GPS unit.	Navigation Features:. * Smart Dial Technology. * Includes Maps of U.S. and Canada in a DVD-ROM. * Includes GPS Antenna and Interface Cable. * NAV-1 GPS Navigation Unit Included in Package. * Voice Guidance. * 11 Million Points of Interest(POI) Database. * 2D/3D Map Views. * Automatic Rerouting. LCD Display Features:. * Fully Motorized 7LCD Screen. * Touch Screen Control of all Functions. * Fully Interactive DVD Menus on Touch Screen. * Turn-By-Turn On-Screen Display. * 336,950 pixel display. ...
8010	If your looking for incredible sound at a low price look no further!!	I bought a 6.1 surround setup and the fronts are these from a local pawn shop. I haven't hooked up the sub or surrounds yet but let me tell you!! My computer room is 6x8 feet and I had 2 fifteen inch fischers and 2 fifteen inch MTX's in there and these BAD BOYS sound way better!! The sound quality is insane!! They hit every note with extreme clarity. Plus they have 2 massive 5 inch bass ports in each speaker that rumbles the whole house!! I had the cops called twice already!!! CERWIN VEGA THANK YOU....YOU ROCK THE HOUSE!!!!! And thank you Amazon your awsome too!! :>)	Cerwin-Vega strives to produce products of unsurpassed quality. LS Series Floor-Standing Loudspeakers features Diecast Aluminum Woofer that assures superior efficiency and heat dissipation. You get greater output with less applied power. Multi Density Cabinet actually helps reduce distortion and improve tonal accuracy. Unique 30 mm Balanced Dome provides exceptionally high sensitivity, with protection from thermal overload. The low mass cone gives you smooth, clean vocals. Dedicated Internal Mid...
8178	No Bass	I'm a adult male who has been around stereos and speakers since the late 60's and presently own 3 systems. I have always said I would never buy speakers without hearing them. I broke my rule and purchased the Klipsch AW-650's, based on research and reviews, and am really regretting it. I can't say they sound bad on the contrary they are really clear and crisp but they seem to have no bass. Even adding bass doesn't help. They just can't reproduce much bass. If you don't want to add some subs to your pair of $500+ speakers I would look at other alternatives. I suggest listen before you buy these speakers.	Tractrix? horn with 1" titanium dome tweeter * 6-1/2" IMG woofer * frequency response 70-20,000 Hz (?3dB) * paintable, UV-resistant enclosure * includes mounting brackets and stainless steel hardware *
8381	Everything plus the kitchen sink	The Urban Disguise 30 would probably have been enough for my travel needs (camera body, three lenses, teleconverters, flash unit and assorted odds & ends), but I didn't like its vertical design. So I went the next step up and got the Urban Disguise 40. This thing is built like a panzer and probably holds as much as one. Build quality is superb, the materials are very good and the design is clever, with lots of inner compartments and divisions to accomodate equipment safely. It also comes with a rain cover (with a small footprint when folded up inside its own nylon bag and stored in the camera bag -- you choose where) and a media wallet that would take a lot of concerted effort to misplace. Compact it is not, but I knew that beforehand. The zippered main compartment can easily hold my E-30 + 50-200 mm vertically in the central division, two smaller lenses and teleconverters in one side division, flash in the other, user manual and more. There are half a dozen extra panels with velcro sides to build smaller sub-compartments, but I haven't yet figured out what to do with them. The front flap has another zippered compartment for flatter items, and under it lie another zippered compartment and two big pockets (one of them carries my small compact digital walkaround camera, the other has a clip for the media wallet). This internal big zippered compartment has provisions for small items, such as a GPS for geotagging, a card reader, extra batteries, chargers, pens, an external hard drive, etc. There are also two side pockets for a small water bottle, a cell phone or MP3 player or whatever fits. And the backside of the Urban Disguise has yet another large zippered compartment, plus a big pocket that can open top and bottom to be fitted to a suitcase handle -- but that, when closed, will carry some more stuff. The bag strap is padded and rests comfortably on the shoulder. It is removable; the attachment clips are metal and won't ever slip open. They can be replaced by the shoulder harness, sold separately, that turns this shoulder bag into a backpack. There are also two short straps to hand-carry the Urban Disguise. The more I use the Think Tank Urban Disguise 40, the more I am amazed by the designers' attention to detail. These guys either are photographers or communicate very well with them: everything in this bag has been well thought out and executed. The Urban Disguise 40 will double as my photography and carry-on bag on my next overseas trip and I've no doubt that it will work very well.	The BrandXYZ Urban Disguise shoulder bags allow you to travel in style and protect your valuable equipment without attracting attention to yourself as a photographer.
8382	Great Bag!	I bought this bag as a gift for the Photographer in my life. He absolutely loves it!	The BrandXYZ Urban Disguise shoulder bags allow you to travel in style and protect your valuable equipment without attracting attention to yourself as a photographer.
8383	Best bag for my needs	I plan on buying more equipment but for now this is bag is perfect for what I have: D300, 70-200, 17-50, 50 1.4, SB800, 10-20, and a bunch of accessories. The padded part of the strap makes the weight of everything not as heavy as you'd think but I don't plan on always carrying all my equipment. In the future I'll buy one of the rolling cases and use this as my walk-around bag. The only complaint I have so far is that the padded part of the strap is fixed on one spot on the strap.	The BrandXYZ Urban Disguise shoulder bags allow you to travel in style and protect your valuable equipment without attracting attention to yourself as a photographer.
8405	Best Gift Ever	I gave this to my Mom who is now 90. It has been so great for her to keep her in touch with what is going on with the family. I send pictures to her of her great grandchildren or family events she can't attend at least once a day. There is no way she could have handled anything more complicated and her caretakers are able to change the ink and add paper when needed. I am notified when the machine needs anything. I can control who can send things to my Mom so she doesn't get junk. I am so glad I found this machine for her. It's definitely worth the monthly fee in the enjoyment it gives to her without any hassles.	BrandXYZ Printing Mailbox
8406	Presto just raised annual subscription cost by 50%!!	My mother, a computer illiterate, has had this Presto email service for over a year and enjoys it, mostly as a means of receiving photos of her grandchildren, at least one of whom can be halfway around the world for much of the year. It takes little maintenance, all of which my mother is able to handle - adding paper and occasionally changing the ink cartridge. The ink cartridges are not terribly economical, so anyone receiving more than few messages a week may find the cost of upkeep to be prohibitive. The reason I am giving this only a 2 star rating is that this week, Presto raised their annual subscription rate to $150. When my mother paid last paid year, it was $100. That's a 50% increase for which Presto blames the economy. Maybe they should have tried for a government bailout instead... or maybe they should have learned how to make do on less like the rest of us. So, if you want to try this remember you are stuck with this provider and slave to their whims.	BrandXYZ Printing Mailbox
8407	Grandma can NOW receive e-mails, withOUT a computer!!!	Heard about this, my wife's Uncle got his mother one of these gadgets and it has worked SO well, I bought one for my mom. Easy, effective, what else do you want?	BrandXYZ Printing Mailbox
9827	Makes life easier ... mostly	Pros: + works and does what it says it will do and does it pretty quickly. + battery life is only slightly reduced. Cons: - can't upload videos wirelessly (with this particular card). - can only upload to one computer at a time (ie: if you have two computers that should be receiving the pictures, you're out of luck). i really like this product ... before i had this, i would always get too lazy to upload my pictures (who has patience to go looking for the cables and whatnot). Now, my pictures are on my computer almost immediately which is great!	The BrandXYZ Home wirelessly connects to your home Wi-Fi network and uploads your pictures automatically. When your computer is turned on, the Card delivers your pictures to the assigned folder on your computer or directly into iPhoto.
9828	Buy it for what it can do	I bought the Eye-Fi for the purpose of showing photos on a monitor without having to yank out my SD card every time. I didn't want the "tethered" alternative although it exists for every digital camera (cables to connect to your computer+tethering software+photo editing software). It stores my photos on my PC in addition to keeping it on the card, therefore I have a backup of my pix. I don't know what more you'd want this setup to do. I use it at work and at home, it's great at parties-real time photos in the blink of an eye. I hook it up to my TV that that has a PC input, send someone out to take pix, and people then watch how goofy their friends are! I can live with 2GB, would be nicer if the Home version came with more GBs!	The BrandXYZ Home wirelessly connects to your home Wi-Fi network and uploads your pictures automatically. When your computer is turned on, the Card delivers your pictures to the assigned folder on your computer or directly into iPhoto.
8411	Superb Shiny / Black Box	The previous reviewer obviously hates this HDD, but maybe the reviewer should hate Windows! Before purchasing I researched this HDD up and down on the internet (majority of people LOVE IT!) I'm one who loves this external hard drive right out of the box! Thanks to Amazon's great price and cheap next day shipping I received this item and in 90 minutes I have everything formatted and almost everything transfered to the drive! I am not sure if it's Mac's simplicity, the HDD's dumb-proof design, or both working perfect together! I am by no means a power user when it comes to external HDDs. I am using this for my PS3 and Mac, it works perfectly with both! As it transfers my files now I cannot hear it, speeds are fine, and it looks perfect next to my black shiny ps3! I highly recommend buying this if you're a casual computer/media junky. I can't say how well it will work in a server room in your business.	The BrandXYZ Hard Disk 301315U 1 TB eSATA/FireWire 400/USB 2.0 External Hard Drive, Design by Neil Poulton is a sleek, sophisticated hard drive that offers high-speed performance and style to your desktop. With universal compatibility and a compact size, this portable drive lets you easily back-up and share your music, photos and video files with your friends and family. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.in...
8420	This hard drive is great	The Lacie 500GB hard drive is everything that I asked for. It is durable and also looks great.	The BrandXYZ Hard Disk 301315U 1 TB eSATA/FireWire 400/USB 2.0 External Hard Drive, Design by Neil Poulton is a sleek, sophisticated hard drive that offers high-speed performance and style to your desktop. With universal compatibility and a compact size, this portable drive lets you easily back-up and share your music, photos and video files with your friends and family. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.in...
8441	Easy and elegant	This is a great product--out of the box and operational in minutes. (I have a Mac, so that makes a difference.) Very quiet operation and elegant look. It also has a feature where you can partition 32GB of the drive as an exchange with PCs. I set this up but haven't tried it, but like the versatility that this offers.	The BrandXYZ Hard Disk 301315U 1 TB eSATA/FireWire 400/USB 2.0 External Hard Drive, Design by Neil Poulton is a sleek, sophisticated hard drive that offers high-speed performance and style to your desktop. With universal compatibility and a compact size, this portable drive lets you easily back-up and share your music, photos and video files with your friends and family. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.in...
9844	Buyer beware	Bought Eye-Fi Home Wireless 2 GB Secure Digital Card for Nikon S51. After a couple of hours of fiddling, it worked once. Emailed Help/Support, got force-fed software download...works no more. Emailed Help/Support and were told there are "known issues with Nikon S-51 that prevent it from working properly" (i.e. at all). Nothing in their ads/lit said anything about imcompatability when purchased. Told nothing could be done. We're out $80. You want one? Call me; you can have it--worthless to us. See eye-fi web site for more disappointing news.	The BrandXYZ Home wirelessly connects to your home Wi-Fi network and uploads your pictures automatically. When your computer is turned on, the Card delivers your pictures to the assigned folder on your computer or directly into iPhoto.
8452	Great Drive!!!!	This device saved my files, when there was no hope!! I transferred all my files from safe mode and it worked perfectly!! Very user-friendly machine!	The BrandXYZ Hard Disk 301315U 1 TB eSATA/FireWire 400/USB 2.0 External Hard Drive, Design by Neil Poulton is a sleek, sophisticated hard drive that offers high-speed performance and style to your desktop. With universal compatibility and a compact size, this portable drive lets you easily back-up and share your music, photos and video files with your friends and family. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.in...
8480	Slick but noisy	This HD is easy to setup as long as you run the provided software first. It is slightly bigger than the LaCie Porshe HD that I already owned so it does not look great stacked above or below. This drive makes quite some noise, specially when starting to spin the disc. I only bought this because I wanted a drive with firewire interface, and this has it. I use it on my mac and the software that accompanied it was only good to set up the disks as you can't really do it from Disk Utility app. After using it for that i uninstalled all the software because one of the programs kept crashing and displaying annoying error messages all the time. I wish it's blue LED was a lot dimmer than it is.	The BrandXYZ Hard Disk 301315U 1 TB eSATA/FireWire 400/USB 2.0 External Hard Drive, Design by Neil Poulton is a sleek, sophisticated hard drive that offers high-speed performance and style to your desktop. With universal compatibility and a compact size, this portable drive lets you easily back-up and share your music, photos and video files with your friends and family. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.in...
8510	It does the job	I have six external hard drives and this is in the top four. It might be higher, but three others are LaCies and they're just as good. This (and the others) are easy to use with my Mac with nothing more to do than plug them in and turn them on. For me, what sets LaCie apart from the others is their stable and stackable shapes. The only problem with them is they encourage me to find more stuff to keep in them. :-) If I need another external hard drive I'll look to LaCie first.	The BrandXYZ Hard Disk 301315U 1 TB eSATA/FireWire 400/USB 2.0 External Hard Drive, Design by Neil Poulton is a sleek, sophisticated hard drive that offers high-speed performance and style to your desktop. With universal compatibility and a compact size, this portable drive lets you easily back-up and share your music, photos and video files with your friends and family. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.in...
8601	quits working	I've had mine about 30 days. The screen blanks out randomly about once or twice a day. Have to turn it off and on several times to get it to work. Tried to find a service rep on the Sharp web site and it is clunky beyond belief. It will not recognize querries for the product ID code [LC37SB24U] and doesn't display a service center locator. I had to call and found that the nearest one is hours away. It is a nice looking unit, but I already regret my choice as I had hoped for a lot more from the Sharp brand.	BrandXYZ's LC-37SB24U provides convenient 37" screen size class HDTV solutions with a distinctive design. The LC37SB24U features a high-performance LCD panel for high brightness, a high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection and wide viewing angles. Features: True 16:9 Aspect Ratio (1366 x 768) LCD Panel displays 16:9 widescreen programs in their native aspect ratio without the need for scaling or other video processing. Built-in ATSC / QAM / NTSC Tuners for DTV and analog TV viewing. H...
8511	A little hard to set up	I am currently ok with the drive. It is working just fine. I had a little difficulty setting it up, but LaCie's on line support was very helpful. The drive is working now no problems. It will auto back up and it is as simple as drag and drop for transfers. I would recommend the product.	The BrandXYZ Hard Disk 301315U 1 TB eSATA/FireWire 400/USB 2.0 External Hard Drive, Design by Neil Poulton is a sleek, sophisticated hard drive that offers high-speed performance and style to your desktop. With universal compatibility and a compact size, this portable drive lets you easily back-up and share your music, photos and video files with your friends and family. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.in...
9851	Clever little thing with a snag	One would think that wifi uploads from your camera at home would be a very conveniente thing to do. You relax, power on your mac and camera and let them do their thing while you watch TV or read a book or else. In addition you'll never explain to your tech-afraid friends to take out the sd-card, put it in a card-reader, work with the mac to get those pictures uploaded and so forth. So, bottom line at first sight: great gadget. Now then comes the snag: you need to have an online account to setup you eye-fi card. Well, what is this? Since when do I need an online account where all my settings, also my wifi-router settings and pwd, are stored? There is no (none, nile, niente) reason to do so other than for Eye-fi Inc. to collect user and user data... But for what reason? My bottom line is - I'm not happy and do not suggest to buy this product, even if it's a good idea and so forth. But this vendor is too curious and is pulling my leg her... SO, DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU VALUE YOUR PRIVACY!	The BrandXYZ Home wirelessly connects to your home Wi-Fi network and uploads your pictures automatically. When your computer is turned on, the Card delivers your pictures to the assigned folder on your computer or directly into iPhoto.
8530	Great Product	The Lacie hard drive I ordered is great, it got here very quickly and was perfect. Thanks for the great service.	The BrandXYZ Hard Disk 301315U 1 TB eSATA/FireWire 400/USB 2.0 External Hard Drive, Design by Neil Poulton is a sleek, sophisticated hard drive that offers high-speed performance and style to your desktop. With universal compatibility and a compact size, this portable drive lets you easily back-up and share your music, photos and video files with your friends and family. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.in...
8612	Sharp looking	Exactly what I was looking for. I purchased this Sharp the day after Christmas, as a replacement for another Sharp at home. I have used Sharp products for years without any problems. I highly recommend this product.	BrandXYZ's LC-37SB24U provides convenient 37" screen size class HDTV solutions with a distinctive design. The LC37SB24U features a high-performance LCD panel for high brightness, a high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection and wide viewing angles. Features: True 16:9 Aspect Ratio (1366 x 768) LCD Panel displays 16:9 widescreen programs in their native aspect ratio without the need for scaling or other video processing. Built-in ATSC / QAM / NTSC Tuners for DTV and analog TV viewing. H...
8532	Excellent Buy	Fast, versatile, quiet, and attractive. Buy it. Case closed.	The BrandXYZ Hard Disk 301315U 1 TB eSATA/FireWire 400/USB 2.0 External Hard Drive, Design by Neil Poulton is a sleek, sophisticated hard drive that offers high-speed performance and style to your desktop. With universal compatibility and a compact size, this portable drive lets you easily back-up and share your music, photos and video files with your friends and family. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.in...
8556	Think twice before you buy this model	1. It tooks several reboots before the formating utility showed up on the screen. 2. The user manual and the utilities stored on the disk refused to be copied to my computer. 3. When powered ON/OFF manually (would could have been a very nice feature), my Windows Eplorer hung consistenly. Too much trouble for the money, this model is a dissapointment.	The BrandXYZ Hard Disk 301315U 1 TB eSATA/FireWire 400/USB 2.0 External Hard Drive, Design by Neil Poulton is a sleek, sophisticated hard drive that offers high-speed performance and style to your desktop. With universal compatibility and a compact size, this portable drive lets you easily back-up and share your music, photos and video files with your friends and family. .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.in...
8564	Great Mouse pad	After getting tired of my Mighty Mouse Wireless (Apple's wireless laser mouse) not getting along with traditional mouse pads and working "so-so" on my bare desktop surface, I did some reading and found the Rocketfish gaming mouse pad that was getting great reviews as a laser mouse pad. The reviews didn't really prepare me for two things about this mouse pad. The first is the size: It's huge! Sorry, I don't have the dimensions with me but it's easily twice the size of a "traditional" mouse pad. The second is that it's actually anodized aluminum so it's very rigid. This mouse pad is two sided, one for speed and one for control although a quick check of each side revealed little difference for me. I'll be trying the control side in the near future as I have photo's to edit. The pad has four "feet" to keep in place and you'll find them on either side but they are unobtrusive and infrequently I find them in the way of the Mighty Mouse's ability to "click". Once I was past those two things (size and material), it was a match made in heaven. I have enough desk space to use the pad and the red aluminum edges don't bother me at all. The way the mouse works is the critical element though - that's why I bought it in the first place. it's like a new mouse it works so well. Yes, a $20 mouse pad seems to be a bit much but when the mouse runs 3x that amount, it's a good investment in ensuring it works properly. I would recommend this mouse pad to anyone looking for a larger, more durable surface to run their optical mouse over.	Marketing description is not available.
8598	Great audio - Bad radio	Got one of these and it didn't pick up many stations but sounded great. Thought the reception was normal from the HD reviews I've read. But then it would not turn on when I started the car -- just dead. The regular tuner came on but had no antenna so it didn't work. Turning off the car and turning it back on "fixed" it for a couple of days but then it started getting worse. Got the unit replaced. The new unit picks up MANY more stations than the first and worked good for a couple of weeks. Now its starting to have dead audio occasionally when I turn on the car. The difference with this one is that the radio comes on -- says 'digital' on the faceplate -- but there is no audio until you turn off the car. That's right, turn off the car, not the radio. Then it usually works when the car is turned back on. This is very annoying. Alpine makes an amazing amplifier in the 9885 and it is awesome with my iPod connected directly to the radio. But the radio in the 9885 sucks, which is why I bought the HD radio, but the HD radio has its own kinds of problems. Unless you really like putting up with problems, don't get this tuner until the bugs are worked out.	The TUA-T550HD HD Radio tuner is a small hide-away box that can be connected to any of BrandXYZ's 2008 model Ai-NET head units to add HD Radio Technology as a source. With HD Radio receivers, consumers gain crystal clear music and talk from the more than 1,500 AM/FM radio stations nationwide that are currently broadcasting digitally. When the head unit is tuned to an HD Radio station, the head unit's display will list artist, album and song information, if this selected station chooses to broadc...
8599	Get HD & throw away long distance AM channels	I added the Alpine tua-550HD unit to my Alpine 9886 head unit, alpine kca-sc100 sirius satellite including steering wheel remote control and usb reader slash file player. I felt when I added the HD unit, the sound reception took a dive. I listen to fm and am. The head unit would pull in long distance AM station at night (300+ miles away) and during the day would pull in weak station. To get this excellent reception of the head unit (no HD), I put a 1mh coil (LPF) between the DC power and an identical coil at the ignition power. I also add an Xterminator radio noise filter to the antenna terminal. Once I added the HD unit the AM long distance reception took a dive and local station (AM or FM) were weaker. I think I'll remove the unit at a later time since I like receiving distant AM station and I believe I get less multipath with just the head unit (no HD connected). The Alpine spec and most radio heads show identical FM AM specs so I didn't expect a degradation in receiver performance. This is my second HD radio. The first (a Dual 6420) would pull in AM stereo but constantly flip flop between digital and analog due to the coverage area. In my opinion, at this point HD radio is a flop. Satellite reception is far better, sound quality is better and lots of station (they never go out of coverage). HD radio is ackin to when Stereo FM came about. It (Stereo FM) replace a noise free 70 mile reception signal with a 40 mile noisy, hissy, multipath Stereo signal. Now the broadcaster have taken us ever closer to 30 miles for HD reception and only added a few absurb side channels. When the broadcasters go full power digital maybe this will improve.... Btw, you must plug the Alpine Ianet cable into the "HD OUTPUT" if you want hear sound (the HD unit is the source). Other units (satellite etc) are daisy chained, out to in...to head unit in	The TUA-T550HD HD Radio tuner is a small hide-away box that can be connected to any of BrandXYZ's 2008 model Ai-NET head units to add HD Radio Technology as a source. With HD Radio receivers, consumers gain crystal clear music and talk from the more than 1,500 AM/FM radio stations nationwide that are currently broadcasting digitally. When the head unit is tuned to an HD Radio station, the head unit's display will list artist, album and song information, if this selected station chooses to broadc...
8600	Very Nice non-Aquos screen by Sharp	This is my first purchase of an HDTV after doing some extensive research. I probably should have waited for a sale, but I could not wait. This Sharp is a newly released (2008) model that is very nice for just being a 720p HDTV. (I will buy a fancier 1080p/120Hz t.v. later when I have more money). The (37") size was just what I needed for a nook above my fireplace. The picture in the store at the local wally-mart was horrible! I was comparing a Vizio and this Sharp side-by-side and the Vizio was clearly brighter & text was much sharper. I then realized that the Vizio was connected via component and the Sharp was connected via co-ax. Make sure that you are comparing apples to apples! I played around with the menu all to no avail in clearing up the Sharp when I realized the cable input type. The picture is fantastic for OTA (air) HD and SD DVD using S-video. I am not much of a gamer so 2 HDMI inputs were sufficient. It has a digital audio out as well as standard composite and component connections. It has PC input (D-sub); I haven't tried it yet, but I wish it was DVI instead... The remote is basic/non-light up. But very simple to hold and handle. The menu is very easy to decipher using a remote. At the store, I was using the buttons on the top of the T.V. and it was very annoying. Still, I managed to figure out all the menu items. I love the fact that they have descriptions for the menu item changes on screen, so I don't have to refer to the manual all the time. Good overall purchase. If it is below 8 benjamins; this is a steal!	BrandXYZ's LC-37SB24U provides convenient 37" screen size class HDTV solutions with a distinctive design. The LC37SB24U features a high-performance LCD panel for high brightness, a high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection and wide viewing angles. Features: True 16:9 Aspect Ratio (1366 x 768) LCD Panel displays 16:9 widescreen programs in their native aspect ratio without the need for scaling or other video processing. Built-in ATSC / QAM / NTSC Tuners for DTV and analog TV viewing. H...
8602	Complete Hunk of Junk!!	Oh what a nightmare!! I bought this TV brand new on Dec 28th last year (2008). After 2 months of operation I noticed slight color distortion. By 4 months it was bad enough I knew I wasn't imagining it and it was not program related. Time to contact Sharp for warranty service. They tell me they need to "see" what it's doing. I have to sit there with my digital camera on watching TV waiting for it to mess up. Then I had to send the video to Sharp and wait for them to respond. After 2 weeks of waiting I called them up. They apologized for not getting back to me sooner and agreed the TV needed service. This was how May was spent. Now it's June. The repair people have already been here twice. They replaced a circuit board and the TV finally worked well....for a whole hour and a half. Then it died. It did exactly what others have reported here. The screen went completely black and will not come back on. It is apparently also stuck in ON mode. I have tried everything I know to get it to break the connection. It will not respond to the remote or even to being unplugged. It doesn't matter how long I leave it unplugged, minutes or hours, as soon as I plug it back in the power green light is back on with out me turning the TV on. It's already on. So now I am up to a third visit from the repair people. They are coming back out this Monday and this time they are taking the TV with them and giving me a loaner TV while they figure out what's going on with this lemon. I am SO SICK of dealing with this I could spit. I am ready for Sharp to just give me a brand new TV to replace this one all together. They can have this piece of crap back. It's currently sitting in the hallway awaiting pickup. It's completely useless to me. It's a shame too because when it works, it work's very well. The picture is amazing. Too bad they used inferior parts to put it together. If you do buy one of these TVs, do yourself a favor and also buy the longest extended warranty offered. Chances are you will need it often. Sharp's is only for a year. You are on your own after that. I'm only 6 months into mine and look at what I've already had to deal with.	BrandXYZ's LC-37SB24U provides convenient 37" screen size class HDTV solutions with a distinctive design. The LC37SB24U features a high-performance LCD panel for high brightness, a high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection and wide viewing angles. Features: True 16:9 Aspect Ratio (1366 x 768) LCD Panel displays 16:9 widescreen programs in their native aspect ratio without the need for scaling or other video processing. Built-in ATSC / QAM / NTSC Tuners for DTV and analog TV viewing. H...
8604	Don't do it	Don't do it. Go get a Vizio from Target/Walmart for a little more or a little less depending on when you're looking, or just wait a month and it will surely be on sale. I got mine DOA and now I get to wait a week for them to send a tech out to fix it. It wasn't anything they were remotely surprised by, just are the lights blinking red, or blinking green so we can figure out what part to send the guy with. Also, if it's a week away to get someone out here, that means the techs are busy fixing these things. Do yourself a favor and get something better.	BrandXYZ's LC-37SB24U provides convenient 37" screen size class HDTV solutions with a distinctive design. The LC37SB24U features a high-performance LCD panel for high brightness, a high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection and wide viewing angles. Features: True 16:9 Aspect Ratio (1366 x 768) LCD Panel displays 16:9 widescreen programs in their native aspect ratio without the need for scaling or other video processing. Built-in ATSC / QAM / NTSC Tuners for DTV and analog TV viewing. H...
8608	My first High-def flat screen	I purchased this on black friday and got a great deal ($400). I am very happy. I have had no problems with it. I have it hooked up with component cables and the picture is great. I have seen some hi-defs that really distort regular signals, but this tv does a good job on regular or hi-def. Only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because it is 720p and not 1080. I don't know why they don't call 720p mid-def. I sit about 8 feet away when I watch and I have no complaints.	BrandXYZ's LC-37SB24U provides convenient 37" screen size class HDTV solutions with a distinctive design. The LC37SB24U features a high-performance LCD panel for high brightness, a high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection and wide viewing angles. Features: True 16:9 Aspect Ratio (1366 x 768) LCD Panel displays 16:9 widescreen programs in their native aspect ratio without the need for scaling or other video processing. Built-in ATSC / QAM / NTSC Tuners for DTV and analog TV viewing. H...
8609	Stopped working in less than 2 weeks	Purchased on November 13th. Failed to turn on November 22. This has to be the very first TV I've owned that failed in this way and the last Sharp I will purchase. It's back to Walmarts with this piece of junk.	BrandXYZ's LC-37SB24U provides convenient 37" screen size class HDTV solutions with a distinctive design. The LC37SB24U features a high-performance LCD panel for high brightness, a high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection and wide viewing angles. Features: True 16:9 Aspect Ratio (1366 x 768) LCD Panel displays 16:9 widescreen programs in their native aspect ratio without the need for scaling or other video processing. Built-in ATSC / QAM / NTSC Tuners for DTV and analog TV viewing. H...
8613	Good	I bought this at Walmart and after going through hell and 3 different Walmarts that all said they had them I finally got it. I was looking at a bunch of tv's from Samsung to Sony and Vizio. But for some reason all the Walmarts I went to this one was turned off and off to the side. I turned it on and tinkered with the picture and it was really nice. Even though it is only 720p, its plenty for my viewing. My only complaint is the back of the tv and how its all marked out for the inputs. They are marked decently but I don't know if its the tv that isn't working properly but under the HDMI inputs there are 1 audio input for it. IF it is an output its not marked that way. I have heard that HDMI is supposed to carry the audio signal but I had it connected to my computer and the audio was not carried through the cable. I had to connect it to the VGA adapter and split the sound from the back of my computer to get it to work. Over all I would rate it the following: Video 4/5 Audio 4/5 Menu ease of use 4/5 Over all 4/5 I would have been more pleased if I didn't have to spend hours and 3 different stores to get it.	BrandXYZ's LC-37SB24U provides convenient 37" screen size class HDTV solutions with a distinctive design. The LC37SB24U features a high-performance LCD panel for high brightness, a high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection and wide viewing angles. Features: True 16:9 Aspect Ratio (1366 x 768) LCD Panel displays 16:9 widescreen programs in their native aspect ratio without the need for scaling or other video processing. Built-in ATSC / QAM / NTSC Tuners for DTV and analog TV viewing. H...
8617	Looks AWESOME!	I love my Techcraft LCD42 inch Flat Panel Television Mount Stand. I shopped around and this was a great deal!($280-shipping incld) You have to assembly it yourself. At first glance, the directions looked like a foreign language, but I was able to put it together in under an hour. I don't consider myself a handy person. I get lots of compliments because of its unique design. The item is very sturdy. I feel safe having my 42inch plasma mounted on it. I love it. Thanx AMAZON!	The BrandXYZ LCD42 creates a stunning "floating" look for 42-inch (and smaller) flat panel televisions. This stand comes with all necessary hardware included. The brilliant black silkscreen glass and stylish curved metal legs make this stand look great in any room. It provides ample room for components and a broad wire management panel.
8618	Techcraft LCD42 42-Inch Flat Panel Television Mount Stand	Techcraft LCD42 42-Inch Flat Panel Television Mount Stand Easy to assemble and looks nice and is functional	The BrandXYZ LCD42 creates a stunning "floating" look for 42-inch (and smaller) flat panel televisions. This stand comes with all necessary hardware included. The brilliant black silkscreen glass and stylish curved metal legs make this stand look great in any room. It provides ample room for components and a broad wire management panel.
8619	Its perfect and elegant	I love the look it gives my living room. I love how its so organized and elegant.	The BrandXYZ LCD42 creates a stunning "floating" look for 42-inch (and smaller) flat panel televisions. This stand comes with all necessary hardware included. The brilliant black silkscreen glass and stylish curved metal legs make this stand look great in any room. It provides ample room for components and a broad wire management panel.
8620	Great TV Stand	I have a 40 inch Sony Bravia, and it fits perfect and looks nice on this stand. It has 3 shelves, which is what I wanted, but fairly hard to find, even on the more expensive ones. Let alone finding one I actually liked. Put it together myself, fairly easy. The only con I'd say to this is the fact that you can't swivel the TV, but its viewable from both my couches.	The BrandXYZ LCD42 creates a stunning "floating" look for 42-inch (and smaller) flat panel televisions. This stand comes with all necessary hardware included. The brilliant black silkscreen glass and stylish curved metal legs make this stand look great in any room. It provides ample room for components and a broad wire management panel.
8673	Chieftec make some very original cases	Chieftec make very nice cases. I recommend that if you find yourself looking at a Chieftec that it is worth getting. Chieftec offer a side window model instead of just all metal so I got that version. I was able to load it up with an Intel q6600 Core 2 quad, an Intel DP35DP mobo, GeForce 8800GT 512MB, WD 500GB SATA. There is a door on the front that opens and closes to hide the DVD and the drive bays. The USB connections are in the front middle and are easy to access. There is even a disc rack on top. The feet are extendable and there is lots of room inside. You can add lots of fans if needed but I found that the above was sufficiently cool enough in this high end system. It looks really nice also. The only drawback is that if you open the DVD without the door the DVD will bump against it and stay semi-open until you open the door. The other drawback is that it doesn't have a carrying handle. However this is a very nice case and I highly recommend it. I went with it for originality and cooling design. Pros: Original case Chieftec offer lots of versions Cooling and space is very nice Looks awesome Doors Expandable Cons No carrying handle The doors can work against you if you don't use it right	The Giga chassis is a rugged computer case with extensive cooling and storage options. It is a great choice for home or office use. It supports a standard ATX motherboard and PSII type power supply.
8686	Excellent	This is a great bag. The canvas is durable. Straps are strong, padded and comfortable, and the inside is easily configurable. I'm keeping 1 dslr and three lenses in it along with a flash and some misc smaller items. I would recommend this to anyone that needs a larger bag. HOWEVER, it's just that - a larger bag so it's great for traveling, but it's too big to be usable as a walk-around bag.	The Earth Explorer Large Shoulder Bag (2477) is an everyday, functional shoulder bag that will hold all of your personal gear along with a laptop, camera, or camcorder. The bag features designated protective zones that safeguard the delicate equipment within. One designated internal padded compartment holds 17?and similar size laptops, Two designated removable inserts, that provide protection for a medium-size digital/SLR camera or mini DV camcorder and laptop accessories (these inserts separate...
8625	Toy Camera Joy	Many people will complain that this camera is junky or imprecise, made only of plastic parts. I advise you now that not only is that the point of this little beauty, it is also what makes it so much fun! The images that this camera produces are distorted and dream-like (an overused term, you will come to find, in reference to all things lomographic) and give you pictures reminiscent of your grandparents' photo albums. One of the great things about the camera is the number of things you can do to it to experiment with your images. It definitely allows you more freedom to adjust and modify than, say, a thousand dollar digital would. Being that it's small and plastic you can feel free to do just about anything to it, as picking up another one is fairly cheap and easy to do. Despite being made of plastic, these things are tough. I took mine overseas to Japan for 2 weeks and dragged it on planes, trains and everywhere. It uttered not a single complaint and kept snapping along, resulting in some lovely images that will always bring back fond memories of places like Kyoto and Okinawa. It held up in a suitcase and a messenger bag, being knocked around during the rush hour commute in Tokyo. The main downside to these cameras is the amount of prep work necessary to keep them in good shape before use. Spraying down the inside with black paint to keep the reflections at a minimum and taping down the outside to ensure the back doesn't come off were time consuming, but also make sure that I'll have the camera for many years to come. For the record, the back doesn't come off of my personal Holga unless I bear down on the metal clips holding it in place. If they get loosened over time they can always be bent back down again with pliers to correct the issue, a response to some who have complained of that. Still, better safe than sorry, I tape mine shut with gaffer's tape and seal the cracks to prevent unintentional light leaks. This is a piece that you'll feel a lot more free to mess around with in terms of shots. It will also allow you to hone the basic skills of light metering, distance, exposure, film speed, etc. that are often taken care of for you in both digital and recent 35 mm film cameras. Getting the basics down allows you to turn to other tools of the trade and improve your images as a result, so for that reason alone I adore this thing. I take it with me when I go anywhere these days and have been pleased with everything I've attempted. From quick snapshots to time-lapses of the moon, it has delivered what I've envisioned each time... unless I was in low light and forgot the flash. As an aside, unless it is very dark, the colored flash on this doesn't come out very pronounced and will only give a slight tinge of that color to the overall image. I stick with yellow or white when I need to use the flash, as the blue has tended to create an overall dark image and red just turns everything a touch pink. Still, I enjoy the options. If you are looking in to Lomography as a hobby or simply want to add another tool to your photography repertoire, I would highly recommend this device. It is easy to use and maintain, it will force you to see your subject matter differently, allow you to see photographic evolution in action and also give you something unique that not every photographer already has in their bag. In addition there are several different accessories to use with the Holga such as filters, shutter cables and fisheye lenses to let you play with your images. Also, you can't beat the fact that it is bright cherry red and looks like an item to just goof around and have fun with. All the seriousness of black and silver devices go right out the window.	The Holga owes its incredible images to a few factors: a fresh and simple semi-wide plastic lens, professional-grade medium format film, a long exposure option and the ability to shoot multiple times on the same frame as well as the ability to advance partial frames.
8644	Yes They Do!	I'll be straight...I was a little skeptical about the idea of "noise canceling" headphones. Honestly, until you've heard my mother-in-law when she gets a few in her, you don't know what noise is. I didn't think the boys at JVC knew either. We had the wife's family over for a get together...a Bar Mitzvah I believe, even though none of us are Jewish. Anyway mother-in-law--whom I love, don't get me wrong--started on one of those high-volume diatribes that come when she has a couple of bloody Marys. And she was in rare form that day. You could have landed a 767 in the living room and no one would have noticed. It was a perfect time to test the headphones. Well they worked so well when I put on the best of Michael Bolton (I don't really like Michael Bolton, but any port in a storm), that I didn't even bother to flag mom-in-law! I kept looking at her and telling her to speak up, and she gave it all of both lungs and I still couldn't hear a thing. Reading her lips I think it was something about wanting bigger thighs or something. So these are quite excellent and work as intended.	The new BrandXYZ HA-NC250 combines outstanding sound quality with advanced noise-canceling and isolation technologies to provide a superior listening experience. The HA-NC250?s noise cancellation circuitry includes feedback technology that constantly monitors the noise cancellation process. As a result, the headphones eliminate up to 85 percent of extraneous background noise. To further block noise, the HA-NC250 offers two BrandXYZ innovations that help isolate the listener from outside sounds. ...
8645	JVC Noise Cancelling Ear Phones	The JVC Noise Canceling Ear Phones were a good buy, they allowed some seclusion from the banter of fellow coworkers, but the noise reduction circuitry wasn't able to cope with the cackling of one cowoker that drove me to purchase these in the first place. Regardless, I'd purchased the headphones on the recommendation of Consumer Reports, and they performed quite well (per their review) against competitor's models (i.e., Bose) that cost hundreds more. I'll use them on our next airline trip, as their true intent is to drown-out the sound of the air/engines from an aircraft, or from other sources of low-volume, continuous noise. If asked whether I'd purchase them again, I'd say (Yes), especially given the cost of the competitors and their respective noise-cancellation abilities (as compared in CR).	The new BrandXYZ HA-NC250 combines outstanding sound quality with advanced noise-canceling and isolation technologies to provide a superior listening experience. The HA-NC250?s noise cancellation circuitry includes feedback technology that constantly monitors the noise cancellation process. As a result, the headphones eliminate up to 85 percent of extraneous background noise. To further block noise, the HA-NC250 offers two BrandXYZ innovations that help isolate the listener from outside sounds. ...
8662	Easy setup, nice box	I've purchased/configured/used two Promise NS2300N boxes in the last six months ... both were easy to setup and worked well. I configured one as RAID-1, the other as RAID-0. I accessed them primarily via NFS, from Linux and HP-UX systems. (I briefly tested SMB access, and it worked well ... the box has an impressive list of access methods!) The web-based management software works well. I'd give it 5 stars if it was more open, and allowed me to login to the OS running on the box (like QNAP and Netgear products allow me).	BrandXYZ Technology's SmartStor NS2300N is a network attached storage (NAS) solution for external storage targeted for small and medium business (SMB) users and small office / home office (SOHO) users.With a NAS product, users can save their work and have access to files over the network without having to carry around a disk drive or memory stick. The Administrator can manage access privileges for greater security. Multiple backup and synchronization functions protect your data.Besides DHCP supp...
8663	Setup without Windows - a bit hard but possible	My home setup consists of 2 Linux desktops, one Linux laptop, and a MacMini. Notice the complete lack of a Windows environment. The software included with the unit is only for Windows. It will not apparently work under CrossOver Office. However, thanks to the fact that the unit includes a Web Server interface for setup, it is possible to set the unit up without Windows. Because I have a home LAN, I have a DHCP server set up to assign IP addresses. My unit was delivered with DHCP enabled so that the unit got an IP address from my DHCP server. My DHCP server is actually a part of my Netgear WAN router/firewall, an FR114P to be exact (rather old). The DCHP log told me the unit's MAC address. I was then able to set up the server to assign a specific IP address to that MAC address. After updating the DHCP server, I power cycled the NS3200N so that it would pick up the new IP address. After about a minute, I was able to use Firefox on my Linux box to use the WebPASM interface to set up the unit as described in the documentation supplied with the unit. I put two WD10EADS WD hard drives in the unit. These drives are reviewed to be quite cool and power efficient, albeit a bit slow compared to other (non-green) drive. In my case, this was not a consideration as I am using the device mainly for backup and "mass storage" of low-use, but large, files. I figure the drives are faster than then network anyway. Oh, I'm using a RAID-1 configuration. I have backed up one of my desktops (the other is down due to a power supply problem) and my laptop with NO problems. The unit is quite nice. So far, I am very pleased with the unit. The only way that I think it could be made better would be for the support software to run on Linux and MacOSX as well as Windows (Windows hater here!). I will also mention that the unit is quite small. Not much larger than the 2 drives which it contains. This makes it very easy to place on my desk. In fact, it is sitting on top of my KVM switch and my phone on top of it. Very space efficient. It is also very quiet, even with the fan on 100% of the time. I'm very happy with the unit so far.	BrandXYZ Technology's SmartStor NS2300N is a network attached storage (NAS) solution for external storage targeted for small and medium business (SMB) users and small office / home office (SOHO) users.With a NAS product, users can save their work and have access to files over the network without having to carry around a disk drive or memory stick. The Administrator can manage access privileges for greater security. Multiple backup and synchronization functions protect your data.Besides DHCP supp...
8664	Looks good so far	I did an exhaustive search to find a DLNA (not pnp) certified server. My key requirement was to use it as a media server. At one level, (now that I am knowledgeable) the server operates great (its operation, configuration, shares, security, firefly music server), but it took a lot of effort. At another level, I was trying to get 2 products in one: a media server (iTunes, mp3, video) and a backup device - and I am not sure that's possible to have a real friendly dual device at this time -- this product and ones like it are still 'network attached storage'--not a consumer electronics addition to your stereo system. I am using it to store family music, photos, video editing projects, and backups for 5 computers. I also use it to serve music to my Pioneer A/V Receiver (SC-05) using Windows Media Center - which has lots of limitations (a lousy interface, poor response times for viewing photos, no movies, etc.) Ultimately, I'll end up with a dedicated device. So, the good news, it works reliably and I believe in the company. I am convinced that Promise will continue to enhance the DLNA and iTunes features as well as other general improvements.	BrandXYZ Technology's SmartStor NS2300N is a network attached storage (NAS) solution for external storage targeted for small and medium business (SMB) users and small office / home office (SOHO) users.With a NAS product, users can save their work and have access to files over the network without having to carry around a disk drive or memory stick. The Administrator can manage access privileges for greater security. Multiple backup and synchronization functions protect your data.Besides DHCP supp...
8665	It works very well, but is not user-friendly ...	I am going to make this a short review; for a longer one, try this link, not done by me: (http://www.mpcclub.com/modules/Reviews/reviews/review_smartstor_2300.pdf) The Smartstor 2300 N, by Promise, works as advertised in most of the ways. Installing the 2 WD 500 MBytes drives was indeed a snap (just be carefull not to loose the screws - normal HD screws will not work, they have to be countersunk so that the tray will slide properly in). A few days after putting the NAS to work, power was accidentaly disconected and within 5 minutes from repowering, the RAID 1 (500 MB mirrored) did its work and the drives "healed" themselves and nothing was lost. What is not fine: the user interface is very strange; its logic is not straightforward at all. One has to first select the drive on the list to start doing anything with it on the menus on the left; if you don't select one and press a menu item, nothing happens, and no error message gives you a clue of what is wrong. All this happens even if you have only one NS2300N on your network! To summon the main user interface, one has to double-click on the NAS in the list - again, no help message guiding you. In all occasions where one has to input a file name - for plug-in installation or update, for example - it has to be done manually; no help from a directory and file listing for picking the file. The "one-touch backup" works OK, but is very quiet on its job - to be sure that the backup was done properly on has to look inside the backup copy on the NS2300; no detailed log of what was backed-up or not. On the plus side, the backup set is a direct copy of the original directories and files - no compression or cryptography is applied. Anyhow, there is no clear reassuring message or checking method to tell you that the backup occurred correctly, specially the differential backups. Finally, one warning for the iTunes server: to be able to listen to protected music the "listener" computer has to be one of the five authorized by iTunes. Overall, I still recommend the product, but it is not ready for the regular user; it does deserve an overall in the user interface, for it is a very powerful machine for its price.	BrandXYZ Technology's SmartStor NS2300N is a network attached storage (NAS) solution for external storage targeted for small and medium business (SMB) users and small office / home office (SOHO) users.With a NAS product, users can save their work and have access to files over the network without having to carry around a disk drive or memory stick. The Administrator can manage access privileges for greater security. Multiple backup and synchronization functions protect your data.Besides DHCP supp...
8666	Works well, would buy it again	I have been using mine for a month, and it works well sharing files to my FreeBSD, Linux and M$ Windows systems without hassle (the FTP access is also useful). I also like that it hides shares from you if you do not have permission to access them ( good for hiding those special files from roommates or the wife ) Pros: it can download torrent files for you. it has good security controls has a giga-ethernet interface It has both a Web and a Windows UI interface Cons: It once locked up on me (but only once thus far). not all features/controls are available on each UI, there are something you can only do on the Web UI interface ( set up NFS etc... ) and there are things you can only do on the Windows UI interface ( manage torrent downloads ) Over all I like it and would buy it again. I would suggest getting lower RPM disks for this device, you do not need the extra speed plus it will run cooler and take less energy	BrandXYZ Technology's SmartStor NS2300N is a network attached storage (NAS) solution for external storage targeted for small and medium business (SMB) users and small office / home office (SOHO) users.With a NAS product, users can save their work and have access to files over the network without having to carry around a disk drive or memory stick. The Administrator can manage access privileges for greater security. Multiple backup and synchronization functions protect your data.Besides DHCP supp...
8684	Good while it lasts	I had a Wiebetech "Combodock" before this one to connect my external (IDE) hard drives. That one has died in less than two years due to some internal burn-out. Hopefully this will last longer... it also offers more connectivity options not only giving me IDE connectivity but SATA as well. SATA drives are now cheaper. I deal with a lot of video and other digital media files through my work and need to store terabytes of data AND have them backed up. Internal hard drives still offer the most cost effective storage and quick access to these files. Problem with external drives is THEIR storage, it quickly piles up into an ugly mess in your office. Internal bare drives can be labeled, stacked and neatly stored on the shelf. Nowadays 1TB drives can be bought for around $100. My only complaint is the cost at nearly $200. That's almost 2TB worth of drives. So if you don't need that much and swapping that many drives it almost doesn't make sense. Note: an adapter and all cables are bundled into the product box: FW800, FW400, USB and SATA. This info was missing from the Amazon product page and I needlessly bought a SATA cable to connect to the dock. Don't need to buy anything more, one will have all connectivity to whatever drive in the box.	UltraDock is BrandXYZ's premier DriveDock. Sporting 5 ports on the host side, native PATA and SATA drive connections, two power options, a recessed on/off switch guard, 7 status LEDs in a strong and rugged aluminum enclosure, UltraDock becomes a must-have for any professional technician's toolbox.On the host side, you've got quad connectivity. Connect to your computer via FireWire 800 (two ports), FireWire 400, USB2, or eSATA. All 3 FireWire ports are daisy-chainable so you can connect up to two...
8685	John Nemerovski's MyMac.com Review	A drive dock is a generic-looking electronic contraption that allows a bare, exposed, internal hard drive to be mounted for read/write on any computer, using any interface: USB, SATA, and FireWire 800 or 400. In my professional capacity as a computer tutor, trainer, and troubleshooter, I use UltraDock or one of its WiebeTech predecessors several times each week. My personal backups and archives also rely on WiebeTech drive docks, and on their RTX series drive bays, which MyMac reviewed previously. WiebeTech's new UltraDock v4 has built-in connectors for 3.5 inch IDE/PATA drives, and for both 3.5 inch and laptop size 2.5 inch SATA drives. With all power, FireWire, USB, and SATA cables included, this drive dock ships fully equipped to attach an exposed external drive to a computer for testing, cloning, data transfer, or any other purpose. MyMac has used and evaluated every drive dock from WiebeTech since the company's inception early this decade. Some of their drive docks are better than others, but the new UltraDock v4 is the best of the bunch, and well worth its $200 price tag. Intrepid techies and repair shops will bundle this dock's purchase with one or more v4 Combo Adapters. Most expensive and top value is an ultimate bundle for around $800 (see below). WiebeTech considers its drive docks to be professional equipment, as compared to consumer quality docks from competitors such as NewerTech. I don't know if WiebeTech is the industry leader in this professional category, but they make outstanding gear that is priced fairly and is supported by rapid and reliable customer service. UltraDock v4 is all metal, and has the requisite LEDs that would make any science teacher grin from ear to ear. My personal and review units occasionally need to be repaired or replaced, as will yours. Response time and results are always satisfactory. MyMac tested an UltraDock v4 with and without several of the newest v4 Combo Adapters, using each of the possible port connections. FireWire 800 remains our optimal favorite for use with most Macintosh computers. Two of our evaluation v4 Combo Adapters appeared to be defective. WiebeTech replaced them immediately, and made certain the newer adapters were fully functional. Product development is ongoing, meaning the company is always working on better ways to deliver efficient hardware solutions. You may find that a replacement item is slightly different than the original one, which in this case has always meant it has been improved during the interlude. The v4 Combo Adapters I use most often in real life are for pre-SATA laptop internal IDE/PATA drives, camera storage cards, and internal iPod drives. The aforementioned adapter set includes equipment to connect speedily all the above to an UltraDock v4. The physical rig looks weird, but works like a charm. An UltraDock with or without an adapter is not elegant, and will never win any Apple Design Awards. Technicians are comfortable using such equipment, and don't think twice about swapping internal drives and their exposed circuitry hour after hour, day after day. Techies make mistakes just like normal people do, but WiebeTech's v4 UltraDock and Combo Adapters usually won't themselves cause careless errors. Many of you will have exposed internal computer or iPod/iPhone drives in your lives, even if you are not the slightest bit interested in mounting them on a computer using a drive dock. Don't simply smash your old faithful drive, or toss it into the dumpster, or give it a nice warm bath, or leave it sitting on a dusty shelf. Work with a technician who will erase or repartition it, and then will either use it him/herself for bench testing, or will encourage you to put it to good use for additional storage. WiebeTech can provide cover plates to protect the guts of internal drives and make them almost bulletproof-handy for a life out of the box. Take note of the many accessories offered at UltraDock's product web page. Our MyMac rating of WiebeTech's v4 UltraDock and Combo Adapters is 4.5 out of 5. This equipment is essential for serious technical work on internal drives of every possible flavor. Using UltraDock with or without an adapter, external drives mount on a Mac quickly, without any nasty or annoying error messages most of the time. If your tech bench qualifies for a superior array of handy drive mounting hardware, the modest price of this dock and its adapters is a bargain. Strong recommendation. LINKS: UltraDock v4 product page, including all accessories MyMac reviews of RTX drive bays " WiebeTech's Product Development and Support Manager tells MyMac: "Here's what you'd need to order to get everything, Nemo: Caption: Photo provided by WiebeTech [...]	UltraDock is BrandXYZ's premier DriveDock. Sporting 5 ports on the host side, native PATA and SATA drive connections, two power options, a recessed on/off switch guard, 7 status LEDs in a strong and rugged aluminum enclosure, UltraDock becomes a must-have for any professional technician's toolbox.On the host side, you've got quad connectivity. Connect to your computer via FireWire 800 (two ports), FireWire 400, USB2, or eSATA. All 3 FireWire ports are daisy-chainable so you can connect up to two...
8692	Great Product!	I purchased a GBC ShredMaster RDS1819 and I'm very pleased with it. This is the second Shredmaster I purchased. After going through the hassle of purchasing a "top of the line" Fellowes Shredder from Staples, and having them deliver the Fellowes Shredder to me, after unpacking the thing, it turned out to be a dud. Didn't work at all! Now that's a "LEMON" if I ever saw one! Don't buy Fellowes Shredders! They are terrible! I then had to go through the hassle of calling and calling Staples to get them to pick up the dud and bring me a new one. It was a massive hassle just to do that. Finally, the delivery guys came back, picked up the first expensive Fellows Shredder which did not work, and delivered another NEW Fellows "Top of the Line" $1000+ model. Believe it or not, that puppy was a 'dud' too. It was damaged in transit! Great "quality Control!!" Believe it or not, the second Fellows Shredder was a piece of crap too. I blame myself somewhat for this. This was my second experience purchasing a Fellows Shredder. I ordered one a few years ago, and had the same problem I had now. I should have known better than to order it again. After returning the Fellowes Shredder a few years ago, I then purchased a ShredMaster. It was a great shredder. It finally "died" but it did it's thing flawlessly for about four years! I use these shredders a lot! They are essential if you want to avoid having your identity ripped off! Fortunately, the ShredMaster I got recently from Amazon equals or exceeds the quality of the first Shredmaster which I had purchased from Staples. I don't know why Staples continues to stock the Fellows Shredder. They really suck! Shredmaster seems to back up their hype with putting out a really good product. The one I got I use for my business (I do a lot of shredding),and it is flawless. The one thing I don't like however, is that it "overheated" once and I had to let it cool down for a few minutes before cranking it up again. Nevertheless, the technology is excellent, and I would highly recommend it. It does NOT jam! You can also put a massive amount of paper into it. If there is too much paper, it senses it and all you have to do is take out some paper and it will 'do it's thing." If you need a good shredder, don't get a Fellowes...it's crap. Shredmaster is the best of the lot! B.E. (Woodland Hils, CA)	The ShredMaster Jam Free Series offers extra-intelligent technology. The paper opening illuminates RED to warn when there is too much paper inserted. Simply remove paper to continue shredding. No time wasted, no mess made. Also includes super-quiet operation, easy-to-use controls. Shreds CDs, paper clips, staples and credit cards. 2-year limited warranty on machine, and 20 years on cutter. Strip-cuts 17-18 sheets.
8768	A Great Buy	I bought this KVM switch from amazon.com three weeks ago and received it within two days via SuperSaver shipping. I use the switch with three computers running ubuntu linux 8.04, Windows XP, and Windows Vista and a wide screen monitor at 1680x1050. The switch works perfectly and does what it is advertised to do. I bought this model because I wanted a KVM switch that could work with both PS/2 keyboards and mice and USB keyboards and mice. This has the added advantage of working with audio, having both microphone and speaker connectors. In addition, unlike some KVM switchs, this one comes with a complete set of cables and it combines the monitor, keyboard, and mouse cables into a single cable for each computer, minimizing the number of cables on my desktop. And the monitor, keyboard, and mouse are hot pluggable, that is, you can unplug your keyboard or mouse or monitor and swap in a different one without shutting off the computers, as I did once, without worrying about it affecting the computers. The hot key is programmable; the default is the Scroll Lock key but you can reprogram the hot key to any key. Press Scroll Lock twice and the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4 to switch between four computers. Or you can use the four buttons on the front of the KVM switch. You can also continuously automatically cycle through all four computers and you can set the amount of time each computer is in focus while cycling. What if you are listening to music or talking to a friend on Skype off one computer and want to work on another computer? No problem, you can set the audio to focus on a single computer even when you are working on a different computer. There are some drawbacks, but in my opinion, they are not very strong, and I'd still highly recommend this KVM switch. Here are the drawbacks so far. When you press the hot key the switch beeps, then when you press the number key to choose which computer to switch to the switch beeps again. The beep is a very low, quiet beep but it's a beep. I can't imagine why anyone would want beeps when switching computers unless maybe this KVM was made for blind people who might need a confirmation that the switch happened. Can anyone tell me why most high end KVM switches come with beeps that can't be turned off? Secondly, I use a wireless optical mouse. The mouse and keyboard remain powered on at all times, even when all computers are turned off. I came in to my office after Labor Day weekend and found that my mouse and keyboard were still powered on. Not good for an item that runs on batteries so I have to unplug the KVM switch when I shut down the computers. I then discovered that I have to let the KVM switch "warm up" after I power it back on before I turn on any computers. Once, I powered it up and immediately turned on my computers and there was no video from any computer because the KVM switch wasn't "warmed up" yet. Last, Trendnet advertises that the switch maintains a monitor signal at all times so you don't have to worry about the computers that are not in focus not recognizing a connected monitor. Unfortunately that signal is apparently for a generic monitor and I cannot start up all three computers simultaneously and expect them to come up with the correct resolution. The ubuntu and the Vista computers apparently have to sense the connected monitor as they are starting up or they will go into the wrong video resolution. The Vista machine additionally has to detect that there are speakers connected or it will disable the audio output. The XP machine is the only one that can consistantly start up and find the video resolution it was set to previously without being the computer in focus as it is starting up. The end result is I have to start up my computers one at a time; I start up my ubuntu computer, when the login screen appears I switch to the Vista computer, and when the login screen appears I start up the XP computer. Once all the computers are started there is no further problem. I did have one occurance of the ubuntu computer not being able to come back from energy saver mode and find the right resolution but that was a one-time occurance. On the whole, I can strongly recommend the Trendnet TK-423. I'm happy with it and it does the job.	The 4-Port USB PS/2 KVM Switch Kit with Audio (TK-423K) provides control of 4 computers/servers with just one set of console controls. Manage 4 computers that have open VGA and PS/2 ports at the touch of a button with one set of PS/2 or USB keyboard and mouse, VGA monitor, microphone and speakers. No need for additional cabling, all required cables are included. Independent audio/mic and PC port selection provide additional flexibility. LED indicators show connection status and a buzzing sound c...
8778	Good picture; great user interface	I needed a digital frame for use by/for seniors -- it had to have reasonable sized buttons and a simple interface. Pandigital frame is perfect for those users. On top of that the picture quality is almost 5 star -- the only distraction is that the viewing angle is fairly narrow but if the item is being handled or on your desk it will not matter. I purchased a Phillips product first but the user interface was 'dumb', the external buttons were tiny, and no remote. I returned to Amazon with their amazing return policy and got the Pandigital. The only drawback is the design for the compact flash card slot. It is too large and will allow the card to drop into the unit. I do not use compact flash cards so I literally put duck tape over the slot. SD, MMC,MS cards and USB sticks are no problem. It is a dumb design issue and will probably not be corrected. I have had it now for about a month and would downgrade my rating. Customer support is not good -- they are third party support personnel that support a variety of other products and are not Pandigital employees or agents. The product has microcode flaws that are acknowledged but there will be no correction. Pandigital is a sales arm and the product is manufactured overseas based on somebody's specification. The support experience and product flaws definitely have changed my original good opinion.	The BrandXYZ 10.4-inch digital photo frame has an HD resolution of 1,024 x 768 pixels with a 4:3 aspect ratio for all of your photo needs. With a stylish black and espresso wood frame that seamlessly fits into any decor, the incredible PanTouch screen lets you access photos and control the display with a simple touch. View photos as if they were pages in a photo album with a convenient page turn effect by simply using a forward or backward swipe motion on the touch matte. Store your JPEG photos,...
8779	Hands Down, Best Digital Photo Frame EVER!!	To give some background before my review, I must have tried at least a dozen different photo frames in search of the perfect one, but I was never happy with any of them. I would buy one and play around with it, and I would always find something I didn't like and return it. But I fell in love with this one immediately, because it has literally every feature you could ever want. First of all, it has touch screen controls which is nice because you don't need to fiddle around pressing buttons on the back of the frame which you can't see (like most frames make you do). It also has a handy remote control. The screen is incredibly high resolution for its size (1024x768), and best of all it's a 4:3 format and not a 16:9 widescreen like so many other frames are! I never understood why they make widescreen digital photo frames, because ALL cameras take pictures in a staandard 4:3 format! So when your photos are displayed on a 16:9 widescreen, it either stretches the photo (which makes everyone look fat) or it chops off 25% of the picture at the top & bottom to make it fit. This frame displays photos perfectly without chopping or cropping or stretching. And the screen is a perfect size - not too big, and not too small. As for functionality, it plays pictures (obviously), music, and even videos! You have the option of either inserting a media card (SD Card, MMC, USB Flash Drive, etc), or you can connect it directly to your PC via USB and transfer pictures into the internal memory. It has 512MB internal memory, which equald about 2,000 pictures. And if that's not enough, then you can insert an SD Card for more storage space. When you play a slideshow you have a lot of different options. You can change the speed, the transition style, and shuffle on/off. You also have the option of playing music in the backround. And setting it up to play music is as easy as can be - all you need to do is put some MP3 files into the folder with your pictures, and it will automatically play the music files when you start the slide show (if you have the sound turned on). I have it set up with Christmas songs right now, and it adds a nice mood to the room! It also plays videos perfectly without skipping or hesitation, even when they are big files. I played a 50MB movie clip that I shot with my digital camera, and it played flawlessly. Most other frames I have tried will skip or freeze up with you try to play a large file. And the speakers on this thing are amazing! I only need to turn the level up to about 5-6 (out of 16) to fill the entire room with sound. If I crank it all the way up to 16 I can hear it throughout the entire house, and the speakers never get distorted at all. And to top it all off, it also has Wi-Fi capability! (USB Wi-Fi adapter required, not included) You can connect it to your home wireless network, and the frame will sync up with an online Google Picasa account (which is free to set up, if you don't have one). I haven't used that feature yet, but I plan on setting it up. This makes it easy to let friends and family add pictures to your slideshow from anywhere in the world - you just set up a free Picasa account and give them the username & password, and then they can log into the account and add photos at any time. It's essentially the same principle as the "Cevia" service (which costs $99/year), but this is absolutely FREE! Sorry for the lengthy review, but if you can't tell I am simply blown away by this picture frame. PanDigital hit a towering grand slam with this one. Don't even waste your time trying any other frames - this one has it all.	The BrandXYZ 10.4-inch digital photo frame has an HD resolution of 1,024 x 768 pixels with a 4:3 aspect ratio for all of your photo needs. With a stylish black and espresso wood frame that seamlessly fits into any decor, the incredible PanTouch screen lets you access photos and control the display with a simple touch. View photos as if they were pages in a photo album with a convenient page turn effect by simply using a forward or backward swipe motion on the touch matte. Store your JPEG photos,...
8780	Too Bad It Doesn't Work	The first frame that was delivered was dead on arrival (always shutdown with 20 seconds of being powered up). That frame was returned. The second frame that was delivered stopped the picture show periodically with the error message that it could find no photo files. Rebooting the screen was required to restart the show (or find any pictures). This failure occurred both with SD cards (multiple cards tried) and the internal memory. I did like the display when it worked. I gave up after two failures and went with another manufacturer.	The BrandXYZ 10.4-inch digital photo frame has an HD resolution of 1,024 x 768 pixels with a 4:3 aspect ratio for all of your photo needs. With a stylish black and espresso wood frame that seamlessly fits into any decor, the incredible PanTouch screen lets you access photos and control the display with a simple touch. View photos as if they were pages in a photo album with a convenient page turn effect by simply using a forward or backward swipe motion on the touch matte. Store your JPEG photos,...
8781	If it worked it would be great	I had such high hopes for this product but I was left disillusioned. It is well made, well finished, very nice display, some good features some bad and some missing. So what is the problem? in a word, the REMOTE. The remote STINKS, it is LOUSY, it is a pile of horse S--T!!!! At least 50% of the time it simply does not work. You can press a button on the remote and NOTHING happens, you can repeat the action 10 times with NO RESULT. The "Greeting Card" feature is nice but I tried for hours to enter some text such as "Dear Brenda, Happy Birthday", my sister's birthday. I was NEVER able to get beyond the "a" in "Brenda", it would freeze but if you waited about 2 minutes it MIGHT UN-FREEZE. Mostly it DID NOT. Pull the power plug and start again, over and over and over again. Now the functions of the remote can be duplicated with buttons on the back of the unit but the problem is that you cannot see the buttons without turning the frame around to check that you are pressing the correct one, this is NOT GOOD. The screen for entering text is badly laid out and a very curious thing struck me, although there is a screen with many symbols such as !@#$%^& etc. there is NO comma. There is NO comma the commonest punctuation character in the English language. If anyone can find a comma please let me know where it is. So what to do? I purchased another unit but, same old S--T, well it was marginally better, they are both going back. Incidentally, I bought them at COSTCO for $99.99, how come Amazon wants $179 for the same thing???? Now this unit has the 10.4 inch screen, there is another unit with an 8 inch screen that has a touch screen, hmm too many "screens". I tried this out in the Costco store, much much better, the touchscreen that is I could not checkout the remote. I may buy this one for my sister and it is only $79.99. Now to the features, they're not bad, I particularly like the ability to place images into pre-defined folders such as Home, Family, Travel etc but the pre-definition is the problem. It would be so nice and easy to allow the creation of additional user defined folders, LISTEN UP PANDIGITAL. Now I will go back to Costco to return the 2 10.4 inch units and get an 8 inch touchscreen unit. Costco allows you 90 days to try the unit out and return it. Hope this is of value to someone.	The BrandXYZ 10.4-inch digital photo frame has an HD resolution of 1,024 x 768 pixels with a 4:3 aspect ratio for all of your photo needs. With a stylish black and espresso wood frame that seamlessly fits into any decor, the incredible PanTouch screen lets you access photos and control the display with a simple touch. View photos as if they were pages in a photo album with a convenient page turn effect by simply using a forward or backward swipe motion on the touch matte. Store your JPEG photos,...
8783	Defective Pandigital 10.4" 1024x768 Digital Picture Frames	I have gone through several defective PAN1002W02T 10.4" 1024x768 digital picture frames (DPFs) recently because the slide-show would stop unexpectedly, return to its Home Screen, and produce the error message No Photo Files Found -- despite my trying different (size/brand) SD cards and the DPF's 512MB internal memory. Also I could not program the time of day for the slide-show to start/stop, despite the PAN1002W02T having menus precisely for this operation. Pandigital "claims" to have no knowledge of the defect (although others have posted similar complaints online) and, thus, has no firmware flash-fixes available to remedy it; a sad situation since the the display's image quality is quite nice (albeit a bit cool in color, as are most DPFs) and the problem should be easy to address. So, after receiving and returning several frames, I decided to end my frustration and simply go with another manufacturer.	The BrandXYZ 10.4-inch digital photo frame has an HD resolution of 1,024 x 768 pixels with a 4:3 aspect ratio for all of your photo needs. With a stylish black and espresso wood frame that seamlessly fits into any decor, the incredible PanTouch screen lets you access photos and control the display with a simple touch. View photos as if they were pages in a photo album with a convenient page turn effect by simply using a forward or backward swipe motion on the touch matte. Store your JPEG photos,...
8784	Nice Product, Instructions need work.	I recently purchased this product from Amazon.com where it was selling for $125.00 off list. It was to replace a similar product of same size from a different vendor where the screen stop working after 3 years of use. This product is beautiful, it came with a cherry hardwood frame, as well as the black frame. I have a technical background, and found the instructions inconsistent between using the remote and using the touch screen. I find my self using the touch screen instead of the remote out of conveinence, yet... some functions you still need the remote to configure them. With some time, I quickly got the hang of it. One of the features I like about this frame is you can set it to go off and on at a certain time to save on energy. I have mine in my bedroom, so it sort of comes on before bedtime, and goes off after I am asleep. I use it like a night light. One of the cons besides the documentation was I though it came with a WI-FI connection, but for that to work, you need to purchase the network adapter at an additional cost. I have plenty SD memory cards, so it was not that big a deal.	The BrandXYZ 10.4-inch digital photo frame has an HD resolution of 1,024 x 768 pixels with a 4:3 aspect ratio for all of your photo needs. With a stylish black and espresso wood frame that seamlessly fits into any decor, the incredible PanTouch screen lets you access photos and control the display with a simple touch. View photos as if they were pages in a photo album with a convenient page turn effect by simply using a forward or backward swipe motion on the touch matte. Store your JPEG photos,...
8786	Pandigital 10.4 inch LCD Digital Photo Frame	For the money, I did not like it. The pictures did not have the clarity I thought they should have. I had a hard time getting it to work. Finally - through the seller - reached tech support who said they admit manual was not good and to call them with any questions. Also had some technical problems for which they said to return the unit. I returned to the seller and purchased another brand. Seller was fantasic and helpful in every way.	The BrandXYZ 10.4-inch digital photo frame has an HD resolution of 1,024 x 768 pixels with a 4:3 aspect ratio for all of your photo needs. With a stylish black and espresso wood frame that seamlessly fits into any decor, the incredible PanTouch screen lets you access photos and control the display with a simple touch. View photos as if they were pages in a photo album with a convenient page turn effect by simply using a forward or backward swipe motion on the touch matte. Store your JPEG photos,...
8788	constant errors with "No Photo Files!" error	the 10.4" PanTouch model keeps getting "No Photo Files!" errors when I load new set of images on memory card (many SD/CF cards tried). Slideshow would start playing for a few minutes until I think it encounter a JPEG file it does not agree with. Then it constantly fails back to menu screen with the error "No Photo Files!". Afterwards, the frame will no longer see any picture images from the card. I have to remove it and insert the card. Then it would find the images again and plays the slideshow then repeats the error. The problem is that the Frame does not give you a more detailed error of which Image files are causing the frame to error out. PanDigital support website was not helpful and they have not release updated firmware. It is a shame since the display very good at 1024. I do hope PanDigital tackle this issue with a firmware update.	The BrandXYZ 10.4-inch digital photo frame has an HD resolution of 1,024 x 768 pixels with a 4:3 aspect ratio for all of your photo needs. With a stylish black and espresso wood frame that seamlessly fits into any decor, the incredible PanTouch screen lets you access photos and control the display with a simple touch. View photos as if they were pages in a photo album with a convenient page turn effect by simply using a forward or backward swipe motion on the touch matte. Store your JPEG photos,...
8789	so easy to use	I have been looking for about a week for a frame and bought this one and it was so easy to set up, I read the reviews on it before ordering and one said no port for the sony card, well that is true but with the usb adapter I put my card in and plug in the usb cord, and had pictures right away. the pictures are so clear and looks great, so much fun, I just ordered another one for my daughter. One day shipping and she will have hers for Christmas.	The BrandXYZ 10.4-inch digital photo frame has an HD resolution of 1,024 x 768 pixels with a 4:3 aspect ratio for all of your photo needs. With a stylish black and espresso wood frame that seamlessly fits into any decor, the incredible PanTouch screen lets you access photos and control the display with a simple touch. View photos as if they were pages in a photo album with a convenient page turn effect by simply using a forward or backward swipe motion on the touch matte. Store your JPEG photos,...
8838	Great companion to iPod and iPhones!	In 2007, my son received the Emerson iP100SLA Portable Sound System with Digital Clock and Alarm Functions as a Christmas present from his aunt. He seemed happy with it. Just this morning, I found it out on the patio. He had left it there after using it in our laundry room (yet another thing he failed to put up after using it, but I digress...). I now have an iPhone, and wondered if it worked with it as well. I also noticed it has an AM radio option. I have a favorite talk radio show that I listen to when I can, but not as frequently as I like. This unit is small and compact, and knew it would fit next to my computer without being an intrusion on my workspace. I tested whether my iPhone fit. YES. I played some music and WOW! Nice clear and booming sound. AM/FM radio is a much appreciated plus, along with the alarm feature. Low profile and cool look add to it's attractability. I was impressed. I came to this site to see the cost, as I'd like to purchase one for myself. Imagine my surprise when I saw the low, one star rating. I read the review, and thankfully I have not seen the issues the other person encountered. As I stated earlier, my son has had and used this over a year, so the fact that I am a "newbie" to using this is not the issue. I tested the power ON/OFF button and it works as it's supposed to. I don't mind the bright LED light. From what I've seen and experienced, it is a great unit. I am impressed. Now, hopefully my son can be bribed...errr...persuaded to give this one up? Somehow, I doubt it.	The portable iPod sound system by BrandXYZ allows you to listen to music from your iPod without the confinement of earphones. Simply place your iPod in the front-mounted docking station and enjoy the clear, crisp sound of your music projecting from the wide-range 3-inch speakers with dynamic bass boost system. The dynamic bass boost system enhances the quality of sound and heightens your listening experience. Player is compatible with all dockable Apple iPod models and will charge iPod battery w...
8839	Emerson iP100SLA portable sound system badly flawed	The Emerson iP100SLA iPod docking station and alarm clock is a flawed piece of electronic equipment. Be aware that after a month or two once your 15-day return policy has expired, it may well malfunction. Mine will not turn off. That is, a simple thing like the on - off switch was not built in a sturdy enough manner to last even three months. In researching online I see other identical complaints from customers of this same product. The display on this product is much too bright for an alarm clock since it has to be physically blocked by an opaque object each night in order to sleep without a light shinning right in your eyes. On the plus side, this product has pretty good sound for the price and is nice looking. The iPod is held firmly in place that can help protect its fragile dock. The radio tunes in holds station signals pretty well.	The portable iPod sound system by BrandXYZ allows you to listen to music from your iPod without the confinement of earphones. Simply place your iPod in the front-mounted docking station and enjoy the clear, crisp sound of your music projecting from the wide-range 3-inch speakers with dynamic bass boost system. The dynamic bass boost system enhances the quality of sound and heightens your listening experience. Player is compatible with all dockable Apple iPod models and will charge iPod battery w...
8864	Solid 4 channel DVR	This is the latest 2008 model from Q-see. I have had this unit for a month, and it is the newest edition h.264 DVR, Meaning that the compression method is most effecient compared to the old MPEG4 codec. The embedded IE viewer is excellent and feature rich, you can access the device outside your office and review old video, and even change settings of the device. You can actually watch, record and review at the same time. I installed a 500GB hard drive and it lasts one month at its highest quality settings, and one year at its lowest quality. The only problem with this device is that the remote doesnt function properly without hitting the key many times, but the included USB mouse functions much better. I am extremely happy with this unit, and I have tried units from all the top companies, such as Swann, Nuvico and Lorex. This is the best model on the market for 4 channel DVR.	BrandXYZ 4 Channel H.264 Pentaplex Network DVR with (CIF) Realtime Recording per Channel
8865	Works, image quality not great, consider other brands	I've had this unit for just about a week now and I'm already preparing to send it back. Whenever I hook a camera up to this unit and connect the video output to a monitor, the image quality is pixelated quite heavily to the point where it's impossible to distinguish faces from 10 feet away in broad daylight (using Q-See's own line of cameras such as the vandal-proof dome cam and the outdoor camera with the heater installed). Hooking the cameras up directly to a TV (bypassing this DVR unit) gives gives much better and clearer results. Given the price, I would have loved to keep this unit but you get what you pay for. I would not recommend this unit for serious surveillance. Q-See's internet monitoring functions work fairly well however it is a bit unstable - sometimes it takes a few login attempts to actually log into the device remotely. For any security DVR, this is not acceptable. I did a side-by-side comparison with one of Costco's lower end security DVR units (Astak brand) and so far, the Astak produces far better images with Q-See's cameras. Astak's remote management is simple but it works well and doesn't require me to keep hammering away at the login screen to get in like this Q-See unit. Note that this Q-See DVR did NOT come with any hard drive or the required hard drive mounting kit, although you can find both at any Fry's Electronics or other electronics supply store (other than BestBuy, Circuit City)	BrandXYZ 4 Channel H.264 Pentaplex Network DVR with (CIF) Realtime Recording per Channel
8866	Didn't like it	I returned this unit. It's very noisy and the software interface is awkward and limited.	BrandXYZ 4 Channel H.264 Pentaplex Network DVR with (CIF) Realtime Recording per Channel
9229	Great concept - with caveats	I purchased two of these units, one on each frequency, to address a situation where IR remote control of two TV set ups in adjacent rooms visible to each other was causing unintended operation. By "blinding" the IR sensors after attaching the IR heads from the RF extenders it did solve the problem. The caveats are: - Don't expect easy access to technical support from the company. Emails go totally unanswered. Phone messages left go unanswered. If you are lucky enough, however, to actually reach someone on the phone when you call, Bob in my case (once), you can get help. - I could not make the RF extender work to turn on or off a Motorola DCT-700 cable box. In fact with the remote supplied by cable company it would not work at all. (What made this really strange is that the incredible sensitivity of the IR control of the DCT-700 is the reason I had the problem I was trying to solve!) When I substituted a Logitech Harmony remote I was able to easily control the cable box, but still not the on-off function on a reliable basis. (I solved the problem by leaving the cable box on all the time). When I did talk to Bob he acknowledged that they had issues with some cable boxes - something to do with IR pulse length - and that they have an updated version of the receiver designated with a "+" that may address the issue. He offered a swap out if I called and asked for this, but as I could never reach him again I did not pursue this approach. - Be very careful if you do buy units on the two different frequencies. While the battery sized transmitters are color coded, the two receivers look identical in EVERY way right down to the model number and FCC designation. (I have no idea how they manage to keep these sorted out in their own operations!) After getting them mixed up a few times, I ended up using adhesive labels on each receiver to identify them. - In most set ups you will need more than the single IR extender head included in the package. An optional 3-head cable costs extra. - The receiver has 3 settings. The instructions indicate that some equipment may work better, or only, with one of the settings. As such it is quite possible that you could end up with a single RF extender receiver not being able to control all your gear. As the most likely role for this kind of unit will be to control many boxes inside a closed cabinet, this restriction could be an issue, and require you to buy 2 units for the same system. (I did not run into this as I used the extender ONLY for the cable box. I used the normal IR for the TVs as they were different models and didn't cross impact each other.) - As noted in the instructions the location of the battery like transmitter in a remote that uses multiple batteries can be critical, and requires trial and error. - The nature of the design means that you do need to swap the rechargeable batteries on a regular basis. The unit comes supplied with two and the receiver charges the one not in use. The challenge is that there is no indication that the batteries need swapped, other than when the remote no longer works. This is a minor inconvenience, but in a unit with this price tag a more elegant approach would have been nice. (I don't yet have experience of the battery life in the Harmony remotes.) Overall, as noted in other reviews I have read, this is a really innovative and neat concept, that when needed in the kind of situation I was in and others, is a great solution. However the actual implementation, and particularly the virtually non-existent support, leave a bit to be desired so it can't be recommended without reservation. Expect to spend quite a bit of time getting things working reliably. Using one of the top-end Harmony remotes with RF capability built-in is almost certainly a more elegant solution to most problems addressed by this unit, albeit a more expensive approach.	The All Around the House remote extender is unlike anything else on the market. It allows you to control all your equipment from anywhere in you home, up to 100 feet*, using your current remote. Unlike other bulky remote extenders that attach to the front of a remote, or IR to RF base stations, this one fits in the battery compartment. Small and unobtrusive, you will never know it's there. It doesn't matter where you are in your home; in the living room with the equipment, in the master bedroom,...
9230	Great Product	Awesome product- The 418 MHz version works perfectly well with Att Uverse box and Onkyo reciever. Wish it came with 2 transmitters instead of 1.	The All Around the House remote extender is unlike anything else on the market. It allows you to control all your equipment from anywhere in you home, up to 100 feet*, using your current remote. Unlike other bulky remote extenders that attach to the front of a remote, or IR to RF base stations, this one fits in the battery compartment. Small and unobtrusive, you will never know it's there. It doesn't matter where you are in your home; in the living room with the equipment, in the master bedroom,...
9231	Works Like A Charm!	I purchased this item to facilitate control of my audio components (located inside my home) while listening to music through my outdoor speakers (in the back yard). This device works perfectly! I have an average-sized yard and my remote now works from every corner! No more going inside to adjust the volume, change a pre-loaded CD or select a different source. I love it! The product is supplied with two rechargeable batteries (so you can charge one while using the other in your remote), but each battery lasts for weeks at a time, so battery changes are few and far between. Better still, by purchasing an optional multi-eye adapter, you can control multiple devices from a distance when you use a universal remote! (Purchasing additional transmitters separately will allow you to accomplish this same task using individual remotes instead.) I researched many options before deciding on this product, some costing much more, but none were as simple to use and none offered better reliability or value. It is important to note that if you desire to use this product with your mini-dish receiver, the manufacturer specifies you must purchase the 418MHz model to avoid performance issues caused by frequency conflicts... otherwise either model is a great choice. One final note; While I have not experience a single problem with this product, and would highly recommend it to anyone wishing to increase the range of their remote control, I purchased this product direct from Amazon and their description of the item indicated "NEW" at the time I placed my order. Much to my surprise, when the item arrived, in a sealed cardboard shipping box, the blister pack inside, containing the item, had already been opened (requiring the use of scissors or a knife) and the smaller parts were floating loose inside the box. I have made purchases through Amazon in the past, and never have I encountered a situation such as this, before. Because the device has functioned without problem, I have not made an issue of the situation... still, I was (and remain) troubled by this unusual occurrence.	The All Around the House remote extender is unlike anything else on the market. It allows you to control all your equipment from anywhere in you home, up to 100 feet*, using your current remote. Unlike other bulky remote extenders that attach to the front of a remote, or IR to RF base stations, this one fits in the battery compartment. Small and unobtrusive, you will never know it's there. It doesn't matter where you are in your home; in the living room with the equipment, in the master bedroom,...
9232	This thing works!	I got the Remote Control Extender to operate with my Comcast hi def cable box and RF-Link 5.8 Ghz Audio/Video Sender since the Rf-Link audio/video signal works very well, but its remote control function is worthless with the Comcast box. Anyone who has an RF-Link and Comcast hi def box MUST get the Remote Control Extender! I even bought another Remote Control Extender (on a different frequency) to run my infrared-powered A/V receiver which is not in a line of sight location from my chair. Both units work extremely well.	The All Around the House remote extender is unlike anything else on the market. It allows you to control all your equipment from anywhere in you home, up to 100 feet*, using your current remote. Unlike other bulky remote extenders that attach to the front of a remote, or IR to RF base stations, this one fits in the battery compartment. Small and unobtrusive, you will never know it's there. It doesn't matter where you are in your home; in the living room with the equipment, in the master bedroom,...
9233	Works great and compatible with AT&T Uverse	I had previously purchased a Next Generation Remote Extender for my parents and was sadly disappointed when it didn't work. Turns out that my parent's Uverse component used a different frequency than most equipment and was incompatible with the Next Gen. Well, Next Generation has produced this alternate kit that runs at 418Mhz and supposedly works with Uverse. I can confirm that it works wonderfully! My parents love it and no longer have to point the remote directly at the equipment - it works from the kitchen, the bedroom, no more coffee table blocking the signal from the couch, etc. This is one of the neatest little gadgets around and well worth the price especially if you have a universal remote set up.	The All Around the House remote extender is unlike anything else on the market. It allows you to control all your equipment from anywhere in you home, up to 100 feet*, using your current remote. Unlike other bulky remote extenders that attach to the front of a remote, or IR to RF base stations, this one fits in the battery compartment. Small and unobtrusive, you will never know it's there. It doesn't matter where you are in your home; in the living room with the equipment, in the master bedroom,...
9280	If Wishes Were Horses ...	I picked up this gadget because I want a way to take college class notes in OneNote that can only easily be taken by hand, yet keep them on my computer rather than a notebook. For example, in my chemistry class we have been drawing diagrams of atoms and molecules, and while this is pretty easy on a pencil and paper, it's pretty hard to do while the professor is talking at full-speed using a mouse. I wasn't expecting perfection, but what I had trouble with is pretty jarring: It doesn't scan input fast enough to look like anything resembling hand-writing. If I write slow enough to get a usable image, even if it's just one that I'll know what it is so I can clean it up later, I write too slowly to be able to keep up. The form factor is perfect for my needs. The pen is excellent although I would prefer something that didn't require I feed it batteries. And what I need may not exist -- something that will record my writing at pretty much full speed -- but even if it does, I also know that this isn't it.	BrandXYZ Mini (3x5 dimensions), the smallest, thinnest and most portable graphic tablet. Pen tablets have been around for some time. Not until recently have they become affordable to the general public. These tablets are ideal for professionals in the Graphic art and Photo industries, students, and general needs for handwriting recognition on your MAC or PC. BrandXYZ allows you to explore the internet, draw, paint, write, highlight and do professional or home photo editing. BrandXYZ ahs incorpor...
9281	Useful	I am having a blast with this product, I use it specifically to work on GIF files for website banners and with photo shop. It is small and compact so it fits in the inside back pocket of my Swiss Army back pack perfectly allowing me to carry it around and play with it whilst I am waiting in airports. I am very pleased with it. I would now be willing to consider putting out the money for a larger more robust version to really get down to business. I am not an artist in fact I am far from it. I would have liked it a little bigger so that I could trace things better. The pen is hollow plastic and I would also have liked a heavier weight in my hand. However to be fare to the product it opens up a lot of options.	BrandXYZ Mini (3x5 dimensions), the smallest, thinnest and most portable graphic tablet. Pen tablets have been around for some time. Not until recently have they become affordable to the general public. These tablets are ideal for professionals in the Graphic art and Photo industries, students, and general needs for handwriting recognition on your MAC or PC. BrandXYZ allows you to explore the internet, draw, paint, write, highlight and do professional or home photo editing. BrandXYZ ahs incorpor...
9282	Vistablet Mini	Purchased this for creating signatures and photo touchup. Using it on a pc with dual monitors is not a good idea, but I found that if I use it with my laptop, it's great and does the job very nicely! I'm actually thinking about getting another one of these for home.	BrandXYZ Mini (3x5 dimensions), the smallest, thinnest and most portable graphic tablet. Pen tablets have been around for some time. Not until recently have they become affordable to the general public. These tablets are ideal for professionals in the Graphic art and Photo industries, students, and general needs for handwriting recognition on your MAC or PC. BrandXYZ allows you to explore the internet, draw, paint, write, highlight and do professional or home photo editing. BrandXYZ ahs incorpor...
10015	Sweet little drive	This is a sweet little USB powered, data encrypted 320GB hard drive. I have no idea of how long it is going to last, but so far I have been impressed. It works nicely with my MacBook Pro. I plugged in the drive, opened up the virtual CD that appeared on my desktop, and installed the secure driver software. I set up a password, and now I have a Time Machine backup for my computer in a small package, and with no fussing about with a power cable. The USB cable even wraps around the drive for storage. Even better, the drive is encrypted, so that is one less thing I have to worry about. This seems to be a great backup solution.	BrandXYZ's MiniStation DataVault offers a secure, compact, lightweight, shock resistant storage solution. Store, back up and transport digital images, music and other files without taking up space on your PC's hard drive. Best of all, the MiniStation DataVault includes full disk encryption to keep your data, personal e-mail and Web favorites with you at all times - private and secure.
9319	Very Disappointed!	I've used Dells since the early 90's because of their solid products and excellent service, but no more! We purchased the Inspiron a little over a year ago ~14-16 months ago. When it arrived the sound didn't work, right out of the box. I spent hours and hours on the phone to get it fixed. Then one of the USB ports quit working. I wasn't going to spend hours on the phone again so I just went without and used the others. About a month ago it began shutting down on it's own without any recent changes or pattern to what was causing it. I called tech support and of course it was out of warranty. They charged me $50 dollars and told me if it was a virus they couldn't fix it. After hours on the phone again, the first person couldn't fix it and told me they were going to transfer me to "another department" I asked if that was going to cost me more money. The told me no. But when I got to the next dept they wanted another $85 dollars - as they put it - because I had been talking to hardware support and they were software support. I felt suckered. If I would have known upfront that I was only talking to hardware support and it could cost me more for software support I would have never gone down that path. I requested to talk to the manager and they did refund my original $50. But I was still left me to fix it on my own. I had a back up so I ended up restoring the computer to it's factory settings. But when I was done, it still shut down on its own. The fan whirrs and the computer shuts down, so something is causing the HD to spin out of control. The HD has bad sectors but I don't know if caused by the auto shut downs or I have a bad HD. So now I have a hardware issue and need to take it to a repair shop. If the computer was 2-3 years old, I'd be more understanding. When I pay that much for a computer I expect it to last more than a year! But you can't get anything with a longer warranty these days unless you're willing to pay thru the nose. Also, I might think this was a fluke and I just got a lemon, however... I have a Dell Latitude for work and I'm on my 3rd one in less than a year. I'm not rough on my laptops. I run virus & spyware software. I only run "name brand" programs. I don't do alot of number crunching or gaming. I primary just use office, email, and the internet & IPod. I have padded carrying bags, I never drop them, I only use them indoors in a clean, dry, cool setting... There's no reason I should have these issues other than a poorly built product and a company that doesn't stand behind their products by providing terrible service.	
9379	For a high-end KVM, it doesn't do what I would expect	1 Star for this because if you have a "smart" keyboard or mouse, like I do, this KVM will not allow the smart keys/functions to work. It blocks the communication that normally would occur between the keyboard or mouse and the driver software that implements the smart functions. This seems to be unique to Belkin because the other KVM I own works fine with the smart keyboard and mouse devices. It's too bad. I like the Belkin switch form factor and hotkey arrangement better, but I can't use it because of the lack of support for smart devices.	With BrandXYZ's newly redesigned SOHO KVM, you can share your monitor, keyboard and mouse with up to four USB and PS/2 computers. You can also connect one set of speakers and use them for all your computers.The SOHO KVM Switch helps to increase your efficiency and productivity at home or in the office by reducing desktop clutter while keeping access to all of your programs and files spread accross multiple computers.
9380	4.5 out of 5	Pros: You can have 1 computer using the ps/2 ports to connect to the kvm, and another computer using usb ports to connect to the kvm (as well as having ps/2 or usb output as well). The refresh rate is very good to the monitor. No noticable lag whatsoever. You can have sound coming out of 1 computer, while having the monitor on another compter at the same time. You can use usb powered keyboards and mice. You can pass through a usb hub to connect the keyboard/mouse kvm input. Cons: When closest to the wall that I can get it, it is about 14-15 inches from wall to front of kvm. Short usb input cable. My laptop has the vga connector on one side of laptop, and the usb port is on the opposit side. The usb input cable was not long enough to reach the other side of the laptop. But, this want a problem, since this switch will actually work with a usb hub. Computers used on this kvm: 98se machine, connected through the ps/2 ports. XP 32 machine, connected through usb ports. XP 32 laptop, connected through usb ports. Keyboard and mouse used on this kvm: Logitech G11 keyboard - usb Dynex DX-WMSE Optical mouse - usb Experiene: I have personally owned 3 kvm's. I have used an additional 2 kvm's at work. This is by far the best out of the 5 that I have used.	With BrandXYZ's newly redesigned SOHO KVM, you can share your monitor, keyboard and mouse with up to four USB and PS/2 computers. You can also connect one set of speakers and use them for all your computers.The SOHO KVM Switch helps to increase your efficiency and productivity at home or in the office by reducing desktop clutter while keeping access to all of your programs and files spread accross multiple computers.
9381	I love these little headphones	At this price point, these might be my favorite headphones. Great sound, good comfort. I'm not sure why they don't get more attention than they do. I use them all the time, and have many other pairs to choose from. The only potential drawback is that they have a rather long cord, which does not bother me and is not a deal-breaker, but I feel like I have to say something in the nature of constructive criticism. Of course, if you are using them from your computer, that would be a plus. They have made a real beyerdynamic fan out of me.	New Lightweight stereo headphones from BrandXYZ. The DT 235 replaces the DT 231 which was long time performer from BrandXYZ. The New DT 235 is now available in black and white. This model has improved frequency response providing crisp high end and tight low end performace at a very reasonable price for your iPod or home audio system. The closed ear cup design ensures private acoustical enjoyment. With a weight of less that 6 ounces, comfortable velours ear pads (replaceable) and a 2 year warran...
9382	One of the most comfortable I've worn	Bottom end is tight and well defined. Slight graininess in the extreme highs but definitely tolerable. Inner detail, depth and soundstage very good but a little thin in the mid - range. Frequency response appears linear with the exception of the above mentioned mid - range. One of the best I've heard at this price point.	New Lightweight stereo headphones from BrandXYZ. The DT 235 replaces the DT 231 which was long time performer from BrandXYZ. The New DT 235 is now available in black and white. This model has improved frequency response providing crisp high end and tight low end performace at a very reasonable price for your iPod or home audio system. The closed ear cup design ensures private acoustical enjoyment. With a weight of less that 6 ounces, comfortable velours ear pads (replaceable) and a 2 year warran...
9482	Not what I expected	I took my time selecting a card or set top box to connect my Satellite box to my Media PC. I bought the HVR-1950 thinking it was compatible with Media Center. I use VISTA 64, and know that there are issues with hardware not being supported. Looking at the blurb on the Hauppauge site, this seemed to have all I needed. I installed this unit and WINTV works, after a lot of messing around with the drivers on the site and the CD. Actually, the CD drivers worked better than the updated ones on the site. It loaded more of the features, like IR blaster, which works with WINTV. Note that for the IR Blaster to work, I had to stick it to the Satellite box sensor. 6 inches away would not work! When going through the setup of the TV in Media Center, it fails with an error, "IR Receiver hardware not detected". Searching the internet find multiple hits for this problem, but no solutions. I am not sure if this is a Microsoft issue or Hauppauge, or maybe both. Hauppauge advised that I need to have the VISTA Media Center remote installed as the Hauppauge one is not certified. I will purchase a "Pinnacle Remote Kit for Windows Media Center On Vista" and see if that helps. They cost around $30+. What a waste, the HVR-1950 has a remote and built in IR Blaster, yet I have to buy another one. Hopefully Hauppauge will have a certified driver for it's built-in IR Blaster and it will work without the extra remote and IR hardware. Hope this helps.	PRODUCT FEATURES:Watch, pause and record TV on your PC or laptop, in window or full screenWatch ATSC HD digital TV, up to 1080i formatWatch clear QAM digital cable TV up to 1080i formatNTSC analog cable TV, 125 channel cable-ready tunerRecord ATSC digital TV or clear QAM digital cable TV in the original digital qualityRecording analog cable TV with the on-board MPEG-2 encoder, which allows your PC to run at full speed while recordingDolby-TV stereo decoderIR Blaster to control satellite and cabl...
9641	Dont judge a book by its cover	I bought this beautiful device and had it engraved with my name and title. My total cost was $150 for a personalized one. Within a month the seal inside the cap and the unit itself had broken off and would not hold the cap. The plug that insterts into the USB became very lose and would not keep contact inside my computer and became unuseable. I returned it and got a replacement (minus the pricey engraving) and within a month, the exact same thing happened to the new one! Though its a beautiful piece, I would not recommend it to anyone!	BrandXYZ JumpDrive Lightning is a premium high-performance USB flash drive that offers lightning-fast data transfer rates, housed in a stylish stainless steel case. The drive also features Secure II software for advanced data protection. Ultimate Functionality Lightning-Fast Speed. The sleek style of JumpDrive Lightning is more than just good looks. Beneath its attractive stainless steel exterior lies massive memory capacity and the power of blazing-fast read/write speeds. Advanced Security to P...
9642	Excellent flash drive with security	This is a very handy USB flash drive. It includes security software that runs under both Windows and OS X that allows you to create password encyrpted folders on the drive. It also included, when I purchased it, a Windows application called Ceedo Personal that provides you with a virtual Windows desktop on the flash drive. This allows you to run several different applications such as Mozilla Firefox from the flash drive on any Windows computer-a very handy feature.	BrandXYZ JumpDrive Lightning is a premium high-performance USB flash drive that offers lightning-fast data transfer rates, housed in a stylish stainless steel case. The drive also features Secure II software for advanced data protection. Ultimate Functionality Lightning-Fast Speed. The sleek style of JumpDrive Lightning is more than just good looks. Beneath its attractive stainless steel exterior lies massive memory capacity and the power of blazing-fast read/write speeds. Advanced Security to P...
9643	beautiful, efficient	I've used this exact model for a couple of years and absolutely love it. I trust the Lexar company and this is a really sleek design. I never once lost it. I'm glad they're still making it so I can get an upgraded size.	BrandXYZ JumpDrive Lightning is a premium high-performance USB flash drive that offers lightning-fast data transfer rates, housed in a stylish stainless steel case. The drive also features Secure II software for advanced data protection. Ultimate Functionality Lightning-Fast Speed. The sleek style of JumpDrive Lightning is more than just good looks. Beneath its attractive stainless steel exterior lies massive memory capacity and the power of blazing-fast read/write speeds. Advanced Security to P...
9644	Fast Fast Fast	I bought this dirve on the recommendation of a software vendor that when I complained of slow access speed to their products database. More specifically the software looks up and appends current mailing address information to addresss databases. By using this little jump drive we increased our throughput by up to 10X and solved our problem.	BrandXYZ JumpDrive Lightning is a premium high-performance USB flash drive that offers lightning-fast data transfer rates, housed in a stylish stainless steel case. The drive also features Secure II software for advanced data protection. Ultimate Functionality Lightning-Fast Speed. The sleek style of JumpDrive Lightning is more than just good looks. Beneath its attractive stainless steel exterior lies massive memory capacity and the power of blazing-fast read/write speeds. Advanced Security to P...
9645	Lexar Jump Drive	I have always been a fan of Lexar products. This one is no exception and I thoroughly enjoy its usage for my data storage needs.	BrandXYZ JumpDrive Lightning is a premium high-performance USB flash drive that offers lightning-fast data transfer rates, housed in a stylish stainless steel case. The drive also features Secure II software for advanced data protection. Ultimate Functionality Lightning-Fast Speed. The sleek style of JumpDrive Lightning is more than just good looks. Beneath its attractive stainless steel exterior lies massive memory capacity and the power of blazing-fast read/write speeds. Advanced Security to P...
9650	Worst stand I've ever used	This is the worst stand I've ever used. The extrusions are cheap and have play in their fittings, and adjustments are very complex. Each monitor requires six hex bolts for adjustment with two different sized wrenches (fortunately included). The problem starts when you mount the monitors. Most stands include a small bracket that you attach to your monitor, that then clips onto a mate on the stand. With this stand, you have to bolt the monitors directly to donut clamps on the arms. You can remove the clamps, but then putting them back on is a real pain as you struggle to hold the monitor and find/tighten two buried hex bolts inside the donut. To top it all off, there are thoughtfully included small plastic extension tabs to reach wider VESA screw mount hole locations, but the tabs are small and loose, and easily slip off the donut clamps while you try to mount the monitor! Worse still, my monitors are half the weight limit (only 13 of the 25lbs supposedly supported) and yet the arms sag unless I torque the bolts down so TIGHTLY. This makes adjustment very difficult. There's a ball joint in each donut clamp for rotation and angle adjustment, but that's worse - it has four small hex bolts that adjust its tightness, and if you can adjust it, it sags. If not, it still has play. You could remove the monitors and do the adjustments more easily, but then how would you know where you wanted them? And that's tricky anyway because you have to unscrew the four screws, remove cables, etc. That assumes you even have access to the back of your desk (I don't) and that you think monitor removal is a good idea whenever you need to adjust their locations (I don't). I got my monitors "close" to where I wanted them, then gave up. Height adjustment is the worst. As soon as you start loosening the bolts, the arm slides down, and you have to either hold the weight of two monitors with one hand, and tighten the bolts back up with the other, or dismount your monitors (8 screws, wire removals, and all that hassle), and GUESS where the arms should be. A steal. (From you, I mean.)	The Visidec Freestanding is contemporary designed mounts for LCD displays for home and office applications. Visidec offers great value in terms of price and functionality, award-winning design, and ease of installation.
9651	Great product, superb Atdec customer support	I purchased 2 of this (Atdec Visidec Double Vertical mount) to set up 4 20" monitors in a flexible way, the product is solid and works great. Makes it easy if I want to go for 6 monitors - just get another one of this and set it up. Worth of mention is the superb customer support from Atdec. In one of the box I received, the mounting hardware was missing. After a quick phone call to Atdec North America contact number as listed on atdec.com, Mark from Atdec immediately ordered the parts for me and followed up with an email for the UPS tracking number. I received the missing part within 3 days. I am satisfied with the quality of the Atdec product and especially impressed with Atdec's superb customer support. Will be looking for the Atdec brand in all my future mounting hardware needs.	The Visidec Freestanding is contemporary designed mounts for LCD displays for home and office applications. Visidec offers great value in terms of price and functionality, award-winning design, and ease of installation.
9652	Works great	The Quad panel works great, but plan to have someone around to help set it up, as well as make adjustments. While it's not impossible to do it yourself (I did), it took much longer than it should have. Most of the time was spent making adjustments. It's sturdy and looks great. My girlfriend keeps asking me if I'm working on my tab with four 24" LCDs. Another hint is to have room to get behind your desk. It's not easy to rotate back and forth. Luckily, I set my corner desk up about a foot away from my window. If your desk is up against the wall, plan on more time to rearrange stuff.	The Visidec Freestanding is contemporary designed mounts for LCD displays for home and office applications. Visidec offers great value in terms of price and functionality, award-winning design, and ease of installation.
9657	Does it all and does it well!	Because of serious spray I needed a waterproof camera with a wide angle lens for an August 11 trip to Niagara Falls ("Slowly I turned.."). I saw the Pentax Optio W60 on Amazon with an expected release date of August 5 so I was preparing to settle for the W30. Then, while surfing the site it came up as "in stock" on July 10. I immediately ordered it with Super Saver shipping and had it in my hands by noon on July 16. This was way faster than I had hoped for. I spent the next 11 hours studying it and the manual. The manual is 240 pages, all in English, soI am not going to bore you with a list of features. You can see them for yourself on the Amazon and Pentax web sites. What I will say is that the pictures I took while learning the camera last night were excellent. If this camera does not meet all your needs in a point and shoot camera then its unlikely anything will. It definitely meets my needs. Its waterproof and shockproof and has a 5X zoom (28-140, 35mm equivalent) as well as 5.7X digital zoom and movie mode with zoom and sound. My only suggestion, at this time, would be that the battery compartment door latch button could be a little more substantial. You will need an extra D-LI78 battery or its higher mah equivalent. The supplied battery is only 680mah. I spoke with Paul at Pentax customer service. His recommendation was that there was no need to spend extra for class 4 or class 6 SD cards, class 2 cards would be fine. Because of built-in camera hardware limitations I would only gain minimal write speed with class 4 or 6 cards. I did as he suggested and the write speed is very fast with the class 2 (standard) Sandisk cards. As a former photo retailer with over 20 years experience in camera sales I feel safe when I say "BUY THIS CAMERA!" You will not be disappointed.	Optio W60Throw caution to the waterTake snow, surf and sand to new extremes with the waterproof (for up to two hours), dustproof, coldproof Optio W60. Now water doesn't stop the adventure; it starts it.10.0 megapixelsWide-angle 5x internal optical zoomWaterproof, dustproof and coldproof10.0 megapixelsThe W60's 10.0 megapixels produce large, detailed images, which may be printed as 8 x 10 inch enlargements (and larger) in clear resolution with impressive image quality.5X internal optical zoomThe ...
9658	Good waterproof camera	I just got this camera the other day. So far it seems like a good compromise camera. I kayak a lot, and I don't want to risk my digital slr when I'm out on salt water. I've hesitated a lot before buying a waterproof camera because their quality for the price has always seemed less. I finally bit the bullet on this camera because of the 5x optical zoom and the ability to take macro pictures from 1 cm away. Unlike the olympus underwater camera this takes SD cards - I couldn't see buying an xD card. This camera is capable of taking beautiful photos, the 1 cm macro is fun - shove my camera into a flower and see what I get. Negatives so far: - Lots of noise in low light, especially when zoomed in - I don't like that there's not a cover that closes over the lens when you turn off the camera. It means you should definitely have a dedicated case for it. - Optical image stabilization would have been a great addition to this camera. I bought the kata snapshot D camera case for the camera and it fits well: Kata Ergo-Tech Series Snapshot D Small Flap Pouch http://www.amazon.com/Ergo-Tech-Snapshot-Digital-Personal-Electronics/dp/B000I3XY2A/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=photo&qid=1216695649&sr=1-1 samples pics and more details at: http://forums.goingprepared.com/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=1054	Optio W60Throw caution to the waterTake snow, surf and sand to new extremes with the waterproof (for up to two hours), dustproof, coldproof Optio W60. Now water doesn't stop the adventure; it starts it.10.0 megapixelsWide-angle 5x internal optical zoomWaterproof, dustproof and coldproof10.0 megapixelsThe W60's 10.0 megapixels produce large, detailed images, which may be printed as 8 x 10 inch enlargements (and larger) in clear resolution with impressive image quality.5X internal optical zoomThe ...
9660	Excellent features, not quite HD video, so-so sound.	I purchased the W60 primarily on the strength of it being a waterproof camera with 720p HD video. I have two Pentax DSLR's and generally like the brand. The camera itself is pretty terrific, with a slew of features (face/smile detection, audio recorder, waterproof) that are nicely customizable. Still image quality is good, especially if you limit the Auto ISO to 50-400 to manage the noise. The camera is quick to focus, and the flash seems powerful enough. I've printed out a few of the images on a Canon Pro9000 printer and they look good. Note, the HD video is 15 fps, which makes it stutter. It'll work in a pinch for HD filmmakers who always want an HD device in their pocket, but indoors, it can be grainy and has artifacts. If you actually want sound on your video, you MUST disable the AF, as it's always making a clicking noise while you're shooting. So, either you forget about having decent audio or you set the camera to manual, infinity or "pan" focus prior to hitting "record." I've tried that on "Infinity" and that works for me. To their credit, Pentax admits this sound issue a couple of times in the truly comprehensive manual. I was briefly tempted to return the W60 on the basis of these video limitations and exchange it for the Lumix FZ5a, which has 30 fps 720p and a longer optical zoom. However, the fact that this small camera is waterproof is just darn cool (particularly for those who like to kayak or hang out at the beach). There are few options otherwise (the Olympus, or carrying around a waterproof case), and the W60's feature set is otherwise great. So it really comes down to what compromises you're prepared to make. Frankly, I love the freedom to shoot underwater or in the rain with this camera. I'll live with the video limitations. It's a keeper!	Optio W60Throw caution to the waterTake snow, surf and sand to new extremes with the waterproof (for up to two hours), dustproof, coldproof Optio W60. Now water doesn't stop the adventure; it starts it.10.0 megapixelsWide-angle 5x internal optical zoomWaterproof, dustproof and coldproof10.0 megapixelsThe W60's 10.0 megapixels produce large, detailed images, which may be printed as 8 x 10 inch enlargements (and larger) in clear resolution with impressive image quality.5X internal optical zoomThe ...
9666	Pentax Optio W60	I bought an based on my good experience with the Pentax Optio 43WR over 5 years of use. I've been using the W60 for just over a month now and I'm very satisfied. Compared to the 43WR, the W60 has a more conventional shape, larger and brighter LCD screen, a single access door on the bottom (to the SDHC card, rechargable Li-battery, and USB connector), and many more capture modes including full 30fps video (albeit at reduced resolution). It shares the same basic control layout and non-protruding zoom lens with the 43WR, but is missing a viewfinder (very useful for bright sun conditions) and rubbery padding of the camera body corners (see ). I used my 43WR for fieldwork under wet, windy, and cold weather conditions and was always pleased with the photo quality. I have yet to test the W60 under similarly poor conditions, but so far the photo quality is far superior. I'm not sure the thinner W60 will provide the same degree of security in my hand as the 43WR under high wind conditions, but the full waterproofing will undoubtedly come in handy. One additional note: my first couple of videos had horrible audio quality until I turned down the operation sound level in the sound settings.	Optio W60Throw caution to the waterTake snow, surf and sand to new extremes with the waterproof (for up to two hours), dustproof, coldproof Optio W60. Now water doesn't stop the adventure; it starts it.10.0 megapixelsWide-angle 5x internal optical zoomWaterproof, dustproof and coldproof10.0 megapixelsThe W60's 10.0 megapixels produce large, detailed images, which may be printed as 8 x 10 inch enlargements (and larger) in clear resolution with impressive image quality.5X internal optical zoomThe ...
9696	pentax waterproof camera	Small size, waterproof to 10 feet, dust resistant, relatively easy to operate. All in all a good buy for outdoor activity. Extensive menu for different operations is a bit of a time sink to learn but many options make for better flexibility after going up the learning curve.	Optio W60Throw caution to the waterTake snow, surf and sand to new extremes with the waterproof (for up to two hours), dustproof, coldproof Optio W60. Now water doesn't stop the adventure; it starts it.10.0 megapixelsWide-angle 5x internal optical zoomWaterproof, dustproof and coldproof10.0 megapixelsThe W60's 10.0 megapixels produce large, detailed images, which may be printed as 8 x 10 inch enlargements (and larger) in clear resolution with impressive image quality.5X internal optical zoomThe ...
9701	Pentax needs to perfect this camera before releasing it	I bought this camera for my husband, but after trying it out he discovered that that half of every photo was blurry. It may be that this is a problem of the particular camera we received but there were other problems as well. The screen is not viewable in bright day light conditions, the screen itself looked grainy, and many of the controls were not easy to access. If you want to change the EV you have to go through several steps each time you take a photo. And the manual focus sounds great but it really just gives you a distance choice that you choose and no real time focus display in the LCD monitor. There were other disappointments, too many to list. The concept of the camera is great but it just missed the mark in it's current form. Hopefully Pentax will work on this camera and release a much improved version in the future. If you want to read the owners manual before purchasing, go to the Pentax Canadian web site; they have it available for PDF download. The US site did not have it available the last time I checked.	Optio W60Throw caution to the waterTake snow, surf and sand to new extremes with the waterproof (for up to two hours), dustproof, coldproof Optio W60. Now water doesn't stop the adventure; it starts it.10.0 megapixelsWide-angle 5x internal optical zoomWaterproof, dustproof and coldproof10.0 megapixelsThe W60's 10.0 megapixels produce large, detailed images, which may be printed as 8 x 10 inch enlargements (and larger) in clear resolution with impressive image quality.5X internal optical zoomThe ...
9702	A Camera Shouldn't Meow	I did a bit of researching on the internet trying to compare the Pentax w60 and the Olympus 1030SW . I was rather torn on what to do. I was determined to find a camera that can go out into the wild and survive. Sadly, the only cameras that are compact and have a rugged design have refracting lenses, which tend to not have the best picture quality. The big push i had that made me order the Pentax is that my friend had a Olympus stylus 1000 and it took rather poor pictures and had even worse movie quality. Furthermore, i know Pentax and Casio have done a few deals with regards to lenses - i had a Casio Exilim Z600 that took amazing pictures so i gave the w60 a shot So here is why i'm considering keeping it: -its water proof up to 13 feet! and it can stay underwater for over 2 hours -its stylish. Its nothing compared to my older casio exilim, but it has a nice body casing thats sleek looking -it has a 5x optical zoom and 28mm wide-angle lens -it takes 1280x720 video, a rare camera function. even though it is only 15fps, still this is a very valuable and uncommon feature. -outside it takes nice pictures, full of vibrant color -i like the green button that sets everything to auto/default Here's why i'm considering returning it -the camera has a cheap feel to it, it feels like a aluminum box filled with packing peanuts (don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with a light camera, but it just feels like it isn't made well) -the picture quality in low lighting conditions is poor - i expected this in this style of camera, but it takes forever to focus, makes a lot of noise while focusing and then takes a severely poor and grainy picture -the camera claims that it has an image stabilizer, but it just manipulates the iso rating so you get a poor quality picture -the user interface is a joke! it is one of the most complicated menu systems i have ever encountered. -furthermore, the menu system (i.e. the icons and sounds) just seem foreign, as if Pentax decided to market its cameras in the US by slapping on English language text. -This is just a personal preference, but a camera should never meow. you can set the shutter sound, icon change sound, and power-up sound to mimic that of a cat's meowing - uh, no thank you. -there is no lens cover! There is no protection for the most import part of the camera - if you leave it face up in the sun, good luck on taking a picture. also the lack of a cover allows the lens to be easily scratched. I have a case for it, but this severely reduces its rugged like nature. -the battery feels just as cheap as the camera housing. it charged super fast (a good thing), its light (a good thing), and it discharges quickly (not a good thing) -the flash is poorly placed. its right below the spot where you hold your finger. the lens catches some of the reflection off of your finger. also it takes a bit of training to simply not cover the flash. I've traveled to Bestbuy to look at the olympus 1030sw and i like it better. i am afraid that it will have poorer picture quality. But i plan to buy my girl friend a nice camera that will take high quality pictures, so it might be in my best interest to buy a camera that can be dropped from 6 feet and stepped on, like the 1030sw. I'm disappointed that the olympus can only take 640x320, but i think its features overcome this flaw. Also the buttons to navigate the menu and options are laid out in a nicer orientation. I like the W60, its a nice camera with decent features. but when i spend that much money for the camera, i want a camera that i love.	Optio W60Throw caution to the waterTake snow, surf and sand to new extremes with the waterproof (for up to two hours), dustproof, coldproof Optio W60. Now water doesn't stop the adventure; it starts it.10.0 megapixelsWide-angle 5x internal optical zoomWaterproof, dustproof and coldproof10.0 megapixelsThe W60's 10.0 megapixels produce large, detailed images, which may be printed as 8 x 10 inch enlargements (and larger) in clear resolution with impressive image quality.5X internal optical zoomThe ...
9783	Just perfect	It's nice to see something still beautifully made of natural leather after all the "bullet proof nylon" and stretch foam items in our lives.	C.E.O. Envi is the ultimate in luxury for MacBook Air. Top quality leather, a premium finish and a sleek profile give the Envi its visual appeal. The soft-lined interior hugs the Air and reduces smudges and fingerprints associated with normal use. The Envi is lightweight and ideal for hand-carrying. It also protects the Air when placing it inside a briefcase, messenger bag or travel case.
9784	Fun, well designed, yet more of a tchatchke	k Based loosely on the envelope from which Apple CEO Steve Jobs withdrew the original MacBook Air in one of his famous demo moments a year ago, and AirManila's subsequent parody "Mango Edition laptop sleeve, the C.E.O. Envi is a more substantial and practical derivative. Nonetheless, it feels just a bit o.t.t. [over the top]. If you're regularly packing within another case and desire more packing, often using in a business or other formal setting, then it's a very reasonable solution. Marware and others have some more reasonably priced alternatives, however. Five Stars for execution and style...marked 'down' for being really a bit o.t.t.	C.E.O. Envi is the ultimate in luxury for MacBook Air. Top quality leather, a premium finish and a sleek profile give the Envi its visual appeal. The soft-lined interior hugs the Air and reduces smudges and fingerprints associated with normal use. The Envi is lightweight and ideal for hand-carrying. It also protects the Air when placing it inside a briefcase, messenger bag or travel case.
9715	Camera won't stay on - but Pentax made quick repairs	I've had the Optio W60 for about 3 months. On a recent trip the camera very suddenly would not stay powered on. I'd hit the power switch, the light comes on then immediately goes off. This is with a fully charged battery. If it stays on, hitting the zoom switch causes it to go off most of the time. I've been pleased with the camera overall, but right now I'm waiting for a reply from Pentax on this problem. 8/4/2009 Update following repairs by Pentax: I sent the camera to the Pentax service center and got it back in working condition after 2 weeks. Their packing slip listed the repairs made as: Replace and/or adjust of electronic autofocus circuit including focus sensor. Repair or replace zoom block which includes optics, focus mechanism, and CCD. Recalibrate shutter Apparently most of the optical elements and circuitry died! Overall I'm pleased with the capabilities of the camera, but disappointed that it needed repairs after such a short time. Pentax did complete the repairs in a timely manner and the repair carries a 1 year warranty. I would probably give it 1 or 2 more stars if it had not needed repairs so soon.	Optio W60Throw caution to the waterTake snow, surf and sand to new extremes with the waterproof (for up to two hours), dustproof, coldproof Optio W60. Now water doesn't stop the adventure; it starts it.10.0 megapixelsWide-angle 5x internal optical zoomWaterproof, dustproof and coldproof10.0 megapixelsThe W60's 10.0 megapixels produce large, detailed images, which may be printed as 8 x 10 inch enlargements (and larger) in clear resolution with impressive image quality.5X internal optical zoomThe ...
9761	More of a throw away camera than one for high quality shots	I purchased this camera for an upcoming flyfishing trip to New Zealand where inclement weather reigns supreme. It is not unusual to get 7 days of bad weather in row, hard rain snow, down in Fiordland. Having taken several trips before I thought this camera might be the perfect solution. Previously I had carried my camera in plastic ziploc bag to protect from the inadvertant dip into one of Fiordland's ice cold streams. here was the camera for me. Waterproof and 10 megapixels. I read some of the reviews about poor quality pictures but then there were some rave reviews. I had no idea how bad the pictures could be. Every picture had a bow distortion which bent every straight line. Colours were not even close to reality even when adjusting with manual settings. Also in low light there was huge noise. No comparison with my old Canon 2 megapixel digital elph. Granted if you want a camera that you don't care about. It's light and waterproof and so it would would have served but I couldn't give up all that beauty I wanted to photograph. Also this camera isn't cheap. For less money I got a new Canon Elph SD790. What a difference in the colours. And then to deal with the weather I spent a little more money and got a waterproof case. I'm extremely satisfied although in the end I've spent more money with this solution.	Optio W60Throw caution to the waterTake snow, surf and sand to new extremes with the waterproof (for up to two hours), dustproof, coldproof Optio W60. Now water doesn't stop the adventure; it starts it.10.0 megapixelsWide-angle 5x internal optical zoomWaterproof, dustproof and coldproof10.0 megapixelsThe W60's 10.0 megapixels produce large, detailed images, which may be printed as 8 x 10 inch enlargements (and larger) in clear resolution with impressive image quality.5X internal optical zoomThe ...
9776	Great Camera	Just got this camera. Had it out in the pool all day. Great pictures, I highly recommend.	Optio W60Throw caution to the waterTake snow, surf and sand to new extremes with the waterproof (for up to two hours), dustproof, coldproof Optio W60. Now water doesn't stop the adventure; it starts it.10.0 megapixelsWide-angle 5x internal optical zoomWaterproof, dustproof and coldproof10.0 megapixelsThe W60's 10.0 megapixels produce large, detailed images, which may be printed as 8 x 10 inch enlargements (and larger) in clear resolution with impressive image quality.5X internal optical zoomThe ...
9791	Poor product	Version 8 gave me excellent results. NOT Version 10. Disaster recovery does not work. Offline storage apparently does not work. The program won't let me delete scheduled jobs. The program initiaties by itself and I have trouble getting it to stop. Live support chat would not work. I have dealt with three technical support personnel on the phone and they have taken control of my computer for a total of 1.5 hours and the product is still not fixed. And worse - I can not remove the product from my computer now because of the "corrective" steps they have taken. I am stuck in a loop. Half of my e-mails to Novastor have been returned undeliverable. Everytime I do get an e-mail through with my current case number they assign another new case number. They send me e-mails that my trial version is expiring when I have already paid and registered their product. The sales personnel said another version is coming out in March. Maybe that is a debugged version of this release. I have a straight forward computer system - standard PC set-up and nothing exotic. I have spent over 25 hours working with this new version and for a self-employed professional that is alot of wasted time. I felt the need to warn others about my experience.	Item #: T12242. NovaNet-WEB is a complete Online Backup product including both client and server software. NovaNet-WEB gives businesses the ability to set up a cost-effective internal backup solution for laptops, desktops and servers. The NovaNet-WEB Client software can easily be configured and distributed to hundreds of computers. Redundant File Elimination and predefined backup configurations can be used by every user to automatically backup only important data each day without intervention. S...
9792	Nova interface unfriendly	NovaStore's interface was touted on PC World as re-designed and improved. I found it opaque and difficult to use. It would access the hard drive to run things, w/no evidence of what it was doing unless I opened the program to see. Changing the settings on existing jobs was difficult to figure out. Some people may like once they learn the ropes, but up front, it's not user-friendly. There are better products.	Item #: T12242. NovaNet-WEB is a complete Online Backup product including both client and server software. NovaNet-WEB gives businesses the ability to set up a cost-effective internal backup solution for laptops, desktops and servers. The NovaNet-WEB Client software can easily be configured and distributed to hundreds of computers. Redundant File Elimination and predefined backup configurations can be used by every user to automatically backup only important data each day without intervention. S...
9797	Shredder to avoid	I replaced a broken (after many years of solid service) Aurora shredder with the 31520 thinking it would perform as well as the previous model. Big mistake. The feed opening is barely wide enough for nine inch paper. When the bin is about 1/3 full, the shredder full light comes on. The bin must be pulled partially out, shaken and re-inserted to accept another 1 or 2 sheets before stopping again. If you line the bin with a trash bag, it will stop even more frequently. No more Aurora for me.	BrandXYZ 15 Sheet Heavy Duty Crosscut shredder, shreds CDs/Credit Cards, staples and paperclips, with safety feed slot, status indicator lights, Overload and Thermal protection and safety interlock power control, ultra quiet operation
9807	these dry up very quickly	I've had three of these nibs dry up to the point of unusability within fifty pages of writing. It maybe related to the fact that (a) the livescribe pens don't have tops, and (b) the cradle holds the pen horizontally. Anyway, I'm going through many more cartridges than expected. I just ordered some blue ones in the hope that they last longer than the black; I'll report in a review on that page if I have any luck.	Four Medium Blue and one Red cartridge to refills for your BrandXYZ Pulse Smartpen.
9808	Fine cartridges, but could be better	When I decided to buy Livescribe pen this summer, I decided to buy additional ink cartridges as well since I did not want to get stranded in a middle of some important writing exercise, especially since Livescribe is still such a novel device and I cannot count on the local Walmart to carry any of its accessories. This proved out to be a prescient decision, since as many other reviewers have noted the cartridges dry up very quickly and need to be replaced often. The price of this replacement package is about right, with little over $1 per cartridge. However, I don't anticipate using the red cartridge any time soon, so that one is practically a waste. One problem that I have with the packaging is that the inner container that holds the cartridges is rather small, and easy to lose in your drawer. I would recommend getting a somewhat bigger stand-alone box to keep these cartridges in before they need to be used.	Four Medium Blue and one Red cartridge to refills for your BrandXYZ Pulse Smartpen.
9878	Great Multi-Format Player for the Price	I was on the fence with this player, I narrowed my choices down to this Onkyo and a Pioneer Elite DV-58AV and ended up going with the Onkyo since it was lower cost and new (I could only find refurbished DV-58AV's at the time for $100 more). I'm happy to say I was not disappointed with this player. It passes DSD bitstream over HDMI straight to my Onkyo Receiver (TX-SR706) and the sound is as good as my old Sony DVP-S9000ES for SACD's, passing DSD to a my receiver was key to this though as I found that using it's internal DAC's for SACD wasn't as good as Sony ES SACD player. DVD-Audio also sounds very good when using this unit's internal DAC's using the Analog 5.1 channel out, in this case it did sound better than having it pass over HDMI like the SACD's. I actually bought this to only play SACD's & DVD-Audio primarily, which it does very well (especially at this price) so I was pleasantly surprised when I played a DVD in it, the up-conversion is done very well, it even does a better job of up-converting than my BluRay player (Sony BDP-S500) with standard DVD's. If you're looking for a great up-converting DVD player you can't go wrong, If you want to use this as a SACD player I have to say I was impressed when sending the DSD steam to the receiver, as for DVD-Audio I really don't have another player to compare it to, it sound good, not as good as it does with SACD's but much better than the CD versions of the albums. To sum up, this is a great multi-format player for the price, I think the majority of listeners & movie goers would be impressed with the quality and performance.	As BrandXYZ?s first 1080p upscaling Super Audio CD and DVD Audio/Video player, the DV-SP506 is built on a platform of robust, performance-focused A/V processing and HDMI? capability. HDMI is the pipeline through which your DVDs are transformed all the way to high-definition video quality.The DV-SP506 also delivers multichannel PCM audio and Direct Stream Digital (DSD) over HDMI.To enhance audio quality and system integration, the player draws on two proprietary BrandXYZ technologies?VLSC and RIH...
9879	Great sound, needs frmware update.	I bought the Onkyo SP-506 primarily for multi-channel hi resolution audio listening using the 5.1 analog outputs. The 506 employs 3 high end Burr-Brown 1796 DAC's (3 stereo DAC's to handle 6 channel audio, 5 + .1) and really sounds fantastic using multi-channel DVD-A or SACD. There are some issues however that keep it from being a truly stellar unit. Pros: - Incredible multi-channel audio sound, especially when taking advantage of the BB1796 analog capability. Cons: - Price. Looks like inflation really kicked in with these units. The price is now $150 more than I paid a short while ago. - No available firmware updates. I have many devices from various manufacturers that are supported very well with down-loadable firmware updates. There hasn't been a single update made available for download. - Drive noise. There is a definite audible whirring sound with the unit. Can't be certain it affects all units, but mine is a bit annoying. An audiophile would be peeved. - Fast forward, fast reverse, and pause buttons do not function while playing DVD-A discs that have an interactive menu. -Cannot adjust video picture controls while watching a presentation. Must stop playback and enter the setup menu to do this. No on-the-fly which is not great IMO. Much cheaper units even have this ability. Wishlist: - Better analog control such as adding "channel level" and "crossover setpoint" adjustment Fortunately because the sound is so good, it's a keeper for me. I'll have to live with the broken features until Onkyo releases an update.	As BrandXYZ?s first 1080p upscaling Super Audio CD and DVD Audio/Video player, the DV-SP506 is built on a platform of robust, performance-focused A/V processing and HDMI? capability. HDMI is the pipeline through which your DVDs are transformed all the way to high-definition video quality.The DV-SP506 also delivers multichannel PCM audio and Direct Stream Digital (DSD) over HDMI.To enhance audio quality and system integration, the player draws on two proprietary BrandXYZ technologies?VLSC and RIH...
9880	Excellent Unit	The player is super with all the HDMI connections. Excellent performance and resolution of non-HDMI DVDs as well.	As BrandXYZ?s first 1080p upscaling Super Audio CD and DVD Audio/Video player, the DV-SP506 is built on a platform of robust, performance-focused A/V processing and HDMI? capability. HDMI is the pipeline through which your DVDs are transformed all the way to high-definition video quality.The DV-SP506 also delivers multichannel PCM audio and Direct Stream Digital (DSD) over HDMI.To enhance audio quality and system integration, the player draws on two proprietary BrandXYZ technologies?VLSC and RIH...
9901	Easy setup. Steep price. No QoS.	Having used the 1701HG (http://www.amazon.com/2Wire-1701HG-2WIRE-Broadband-Router/dp/B0029LRYMK/) previously, I found the interface basically tolerable, and as a modem it functions well enough with my AT&T account. It's built in a less annoying and cheap looking case. (though the 1700 series was pretty rigid for a dsl modem) The Good: - Easy Setup - Compact Chassis - Functions Fairly Reliably - Has SPI firewall and wireless access The Bad: - As with most DSL modems currently, supports only Fast Ethernet (e100) ports, as opposed to the Gigabit and 10G stuff I'm waiting for - Wireless is par at best The Ugly: - No QoS (this is a fairly important feature for gamers and such)	
9902	2 Thumbs Up!	First off, my home setup consists of one (Win XP) EMachine desktop and a (Win Vista) HP pavillon laptop. Am using AT&T's DSL, $19.95, basic package. That said, this 2Wire gateway box was a breeze to hookup, just follow the colored pic instructions. My desktop was hard wired via the ethernet wire included and laptop connects via the wireless wifi signal this 2Wire box emits. Only issue I had was with the "registration" portion once I was all connected and clicked on the IE browser. AT&T's 24/7 tech support walked me through this. Big problem was that the 2Wire box I had, though brand new, was one of the "SBC models". The AT&T tech rep had to give me some instructions to load to get the 2Wire in sync with their system. Don't think you can ever tell or have a choice of knowing if you are going to receive an AT&T configured box or one of these SBC models. At this time, am all good to go, surfing through the internet at blazing speeds, way faster than my old dial-up ISP provider. Wireless laptop connection is at 5 bars all the way to my living room. Durability, longevity wise, we'll see how this box pans out. For now, I give this 2Wire DSL modem/wireless router a 2 thumbs up!	
9929	Reliable SMC Router	I Have purchased this product from Amazon.com for my WiFi solution for Motel.This Product is very high performing, user friendly easy to setup, Great way to protect unwanted users and very secured way to provide WiFi to valued guests. SMC stand behind their product beyond our expectations. Well spent time and money for this product. VERY SATISFIED WITH BUYING INSTALLING AND USING!!!	The EliteConnect 2.4GHz 802.11g Wireless Hotspot Gateway (BrandXYZWHSG14-G) is a multi-functional, all-in-one, hotspot solution that provides a secure gateway to the Internet, high-speed wireless access within the Local Area Network, authentication, authorization and accounting services for wireless or wired clients, and support for point-of-sale ticket/receipt printing.
9895	Very Good Home Theater Video Card	The card installs in an AGP 8x slot. Additionally, a 12v power connector must be attached to the card to power a fan. The fan is almost silent - no whine, just a slight rush of air. The drivers, etc. installed with no problem. Having read a previous review, I anticipated trouble and followed the install instructions to the letter. Setup even provided an option to check for updates, which worked well. I purchased the card primarily to offload video decoding (H.264, MPEG, et al.) from the CPU. And I found it to be quite capable in that respect. For example, playing a DVD through Windows Media Player with my old video card consumed 50+% of the CPU; whereas, with the HD 2400, less than 5% CPU is used. However, playing the same DVD through WinDVD still used 50+% of CPU. So, decoding by the HD 2400 is not automatic. The decoding must be "utilized" by the application - Windows Media Player utilized it, my old copy of WinDVD did not. As another example, YouTube videos (Flash Files) in a browser still decode via the CPU. The browser and associated Flash plugin don't utilize the decoding capability of the HD 2400. However, a note from Adobe says that Flash products currently in Beta Release will utilize this code. I haven't tried to see. In summary, I'm very pleased with this card. The picture quality is excellent. Also, I expect to be even more pleased as application software evolves to utilizes its decoding capabilities.	Introducing the BrandXYZ ATI Radeon HD2400 Pro featuring AMD's much-anticipated new Direct X 10 based family of GPUs. With up to twice the performance as integrated graphics, the BrandXYZ HD 2400 Pro provides an immersive, feature rich experience with DirectX 10 gaming and HD video. ATI Catalyst graphics configuration software is designed for quick setup and stable operation with Windows Vista and Windows XP.The BrandXYZ HD 2400 Pro delivers a dramatic high-definition gaming experience with Wind...
9896	Disappointed with purchase	The video card in itself is fine. However, I bought 9 items (HD2400Pro) and only 6(SIX) are in working order. The other 3 items came DEAD. No video display at all but I could see the pcs turn on. I live in Mexico and no longer have the original packaging that came with the 2 shipments. I'm screwed. Merry Christmas!!	Introducing the BrandXYZ ATI Radeon HD2400 Pro featuring AMD's much-anticipated new Direct X 10 based family of GPUs. With up to twice the performance as integrated graphics, the BrandXYZ HD 2400 Pro provides an immersive, feature rich experience with DirectX 10 gaming and HD video. ATI Catalyst graphics configuration software is designed for quick setup and stable operation with Windows Vista and Windows XP.The BrandXYZ HD 2400 Pro delivers a dramatic high-definition gaming experience with Wind...
9897	Great card if you can find the right drivers	Aside from the driver issue, this has been a great card. It runs at 1920 x 1080 (the native resolution of my Toshiba 40" HDTV display), and gives a perfectly beautiful HD image. It even works fine during boot-up, showing the DOS processes before Windows is loaded (and allowing access to system BIOS on an HDTV display). The Catalyst Control Center in Windows is easy to use as well. So not all is bad. But I have to warn you that the drivers included in the package (CD ROM) did not work on XP, and in fact I can't imagine how they would work on any OS, because they are standard ATI drivers designed for the PCIe version of this card - not this hybrid AGP version which ATI does not officially support. However, they do have a "hotfix" version of their driver (that's not officially supported) which is intended to solve this problem. The hotfix is available here:[...] You must first uninstall any previous graphics card software, including any ATI software you may have attempted to use with this card (also delete the ATI folder where the drivers were stored), reboot, and then install this version of the driver. The installer will probably fail to install the driver (though it will install the rest of the ATI software). You will probably have to manually install the driver through Device Manager by telling Windows not to do it automatically, choose Install from a list or specific location (Advanced)," and then "Don't search, I will choose the driver to install." You will then have to find the driver in the folder created by the installer in the root of the C: drive. As much as this seems like a PITA (and it is), it was made even harder by the fact that I had to figure all this out without any documentation or help from ATI or any other source. There were some forum posts that hinted at the right answer, but nowhere else did I read the full description of what to do. This situation was brought about by the fact that the chip maker, ATI, never intended this card to be AGP. The card maker, VisionTek, realized there was still a market for the AGP form factor, and for the capabilities this chipset offers, so they created one. But they don't make the drivers for it, ATI would normally do that (and perhaps they had told VisionTek they would - but in the end they did not). So what we have is neither fish nor fowl. It's not supported by ATI, and VisionTek doesn't write Windows drivers. What ATI did do is publish this unofficial driver, without really even describing what it's for. Notice the documentation doesn't really say it's for an AGP hybrid card based on an ATI PCIe chipset. Also, this driver doesn't really solve the problem the documentation says it is intended to solve, since it's installer also fails to install the driver and you have to do so manually. But after all is said and done, now that I have the card running on a good set of drivers, it is a great card! I wish I could have rated it higher, but the extreme difficulty I had finding the right drivers is worth at least one star. Hopefully, thanks to this review, you can buy this card and not have the same problem I did.	Introducing the BrandXYZ ATI Radeon HD2400 Pro featuring AMD's much-anticipated new Direct X 10 based family of GPUs. With up to twice the performance as integrated graphics, the BrandXYZ HD 2400 Pro provides an immersive, feature rich experience with DirectX 10 gaming and HD video. ATI Catalyst graphics configuration software is designed for quick setup and stable operation with Windows Vista and Windows XP.The BrandXYZ HD 2400 Pro delivers a dramatic high-definition gaming experience with Wind...
9898	great product	Great product and price. Easy to install.Vast improvement over previous video card. Works on both XP Pro and Win7 RC1.	Introducing the BrandXYZ ATI Radeon HD2400 Pro featuring AMD's much-anticipated new Direct X 10 based family of GPUs. With up to twice the performance as integrated graphics, the BrandXYZ HD 2400 Pro provides an immersive, feature rich experience with DirectX 10 gaming and HD video. ATI Catalyst graphics configuration software is designed for quick setup and stable operation with Windows Vista and Windows XP.The BrandXYZ HD 2400 Pro delivers a dramatic high-definition gaming experience with Wind...
9899	AT&T's version of a ripoff.	Both this and the previous model of AT&T's Wireless Gateway are big ripoffs. The previous model uses 802.11b which is turtle speed. This one uses 802.11g which is aardvark speed. The biggest kicker of all time is that AT&T constantly tries to get you to upgrade your internet connection to Pro or Elite while full well knowing that their equipment cannot handle those speeds. I just bought a Wireless N Router and a N1 USB Adapter which is jackrabbit speed from NewEgg for $60 for both. AT&T wants over $200 for these inferior pieces of plastic and they will make you buy a USB Adapter seperately. Way to go AT&T, expect a phone call from me soon. Save your money and buy N or N1 routers and adapters when they are on sale. This equipment is a joke.	
9900	AT&T Supports this junk device...	You know this is kind of silly... I used to be able with AT&T to plug my Airport Extreme directly into the wall jack. A tech came out to my home and installed a special wall jack so I could do this. It worked flawlessly... now that I moved... AT&T told me that I would not be able to use this device because in this building there is no such hookup for it. So I had to use the 2wire they provide and bill me for each month. Only problem is this device sucks and constantly drops signal all day long. I am looking to find out is there a way in which I can bypass the 2wire all together, and maybe find some sort of adapter for an Airport extreme to plug in the common phone line into it like the piece of junk 2wire modem uses? Please tell me you know the answer to this question as I am looking to dump this AT&T piece of sh^& in the trash!	
9930	Simply fantastic, with 1 very minor drawback	Ok, I'll make this short and sweet. After ordering the monitor, it took no more than what was estimated (5th business day) which is seemingly a rare quality when ordering online now. The monitor itself has a glossy black metallic look to it (if you're into a contemporary, yet 'WOW!' styled look, this is it!). The image quality isn't perfect when you first set up the monitor, but within 2 minutes of playing with the buttons on the monitor for settings, you can fix it to your preference easily. (anyone who says otherwise doesn't have a graphics card that can support this resolution and refresh rate in a reliable fashion; I have the Radeon 4870 HD and it works flawlessly with it) Now to mention the drawback, which is so minor that it's unfortunate for me to even have to be mentioned, but it must. In my package I got all the parts included for the quick assembly EXCEPT the screw for the stand (trust me, I looked quite hard for it). Without the screw, the sand will hang over from side to side as if it was placed in a ball-socket joint. Thankfully, it's a quick-fix as the screw-hole is a standard size (don't remember dimensions, but it's nothing hard to find in a hardware store). I just grabbed a look-alike screw from my bin of extra's in the garage and sized it down with a grinding stone so it would be short enough to not stick out of the stand. All-in-All I can't believe this thing is only 200$! It's definitely a 400-500$ monitor, easily. If you're tempted to buy this, don't hesitate! Who knows how long this price'll last.	BrandXYZ?s 22" VX2262wm widescreen LCD offers the perfect balance
9931	Great Deal~!	I am completely satisified with my new monitor! Best deal on the web ! Not one merchant even came close to the discount that Amazon gave me!	BrandXYZ?s 22" VX2262wm widescreen LCD offers the perfect balance
9932	Excellent Quality!	Quality of the image is excellent! Size is perfect, and it is not bulky, unlike the older models.	BrandXYZ?s 22" VX2262wm widescreen LCD offers the perfect balance
9933	Good monitor, a few minor problems	About 3 years ago I bought a Viewsonic VX922 monitor, and recently it only works intermittently when tested on several PC's, it won't come on reliably. If you turn it off and on 30 or 40 times it will eventually come on, but then at any moment it will go off again. I'm told this is probably a damaged component in the monitor from heat. So I bought a Viewsonic VX2262wm and it came today. The only problem I had with it was very odd, and that was the enclosed disk with the drivers was warped! That was a new one on me, to get a warped driver disk with such a nice monitor (and it does appear to be a very nice monitor). So I went to the Viewsonic website to find the drivers. I always just put my model number in the search box on their website and that usually works. Well, not today. First confusion occurred when I checked the back of the monitor for the exact model number. It says Viewsonic VX2262wm-2 on the back BUT below that it says "model VS12132". Attempting to find the drivers using all three of these numbers, the VX2262wm with and without the -2 and the VS12132 do not bring up the drivers. I called Viewsonic and told them this, so hopefully it will be fixed by the time anyone reads this, the person agreed it needed to be fixed. So OK I'll do it the manual way, go to Support, Downloads and find it there. Opps, sorry, no can do. I walked through this with Viewsonic on the phone and the girl was as mystified as I was. Finally, after being on hold quite a while, she said go to Products, Desktop Monitors, Size, 22", and then scroll down to VX2262wm and lucky me, there was the driver. After downloading the driver I asked the person that since my PC had set up my monitor with generic drivers, how did I get the PC with WindowsXP to realize I had new drivers installed? Telling the PC to detect new hardware didn't work. Plug and Play didn't work for me; it didn't say "new hardware found, do you wish to install drivers". The young lady had no idea whatsoever. So I nicely said good bye and called back today July 7th, 2009 and got another "monitor tech support expert". I said OK I've downloaded the drivers for my monitor, and I want my monitor to use these new drivers, how do I tell XP to recognize them? He said, "You don't need the Viewsonic drivers." Oh ho! Wow, and all this time I'd be under the false impression that they were somehow useful and I needed them. I guess driver conflicts are something not to worry about. I'm kidding, of course. Viewsonic has good reasons to keep their drivers up to date, and there are good reasons to use the correct drivers with your monitor, especially for us gamers. So I called back twice and talked to two more Viewsonic employees. Both of them could not find the drivers for me on the website as the first young lady had, and both of them couldn't tell me anything about what to do after downloading my new drivers. It's all very simple, you go to the control panel, go to System, Hardware, Device Manager, open Monitors which should have a drop down to whatever driver your monitor is currently using, in my case it was "Plug and Play Monitor", you right click on this and choose Update Driver. As you've downloaded the new driver to your computer pick search for drivers, it takes a while but it should automatically find the new drivers you've downloaded and install them for you. Now when I look at device manager under monitors it says Viewsonic VX2262wm Series. I shouldn't complain about Viewsonic. They answered their phones each time instantaneously which is wonderful compared to other companies where you might wait a very long time. And the people all tried hard to help me, and spoke English, which is also refreshing. They were courteous to me as well and seemed somewhat embarrassed when they couldn't answer my questions. I just hope this monitor lasts longer than the last one, although I guess in our throw away society three years is about average.	BrandXYZ?s 22" VX2262wm widescreen LCD offers the perfect balance
9981	Good but beware	I've owned about three or four of these pk3's for years. The good news is that they are super comfortable and sound totally awesome which was why I kept replacing them. The bad news is that _ALL_ of them eventually exhibited the same problem after months of usage: One of the earphones would stop working while the other one continued to function. Then if you jiggle the wire around you may or may not get the sound back. This problem occurs through normal usage, even when I was extra careful not to bend or stress the wires at the rubber sleeve connection point. One more thing, if you search around these earphones have been reduced in price and should be going for about $40 now.	System includes. * PK3 earphones. * 1/4" stereo phone adapter plug. * Foam eartips. * Storage boxs
9964	If you like tickets DONT BUY THIS!!!	This is the newest shifter from escort and will tie in to any escort or beltronics radar. It has more than tripple the witdth of the more expensive K40 laser diffuser that I also happen to own, and I can tell you from experience this is the way to go, as long as you don't mind the display unit. That is the only thing I would dare to even call a negative, but it is easily consealed and looks nice anyway, and come on you can put up with the tiny display especially after the first time this thing saves your rear! You won't complain ever again!	The SHIFTER ZR4TM is the most advanced defense system against targeting laser guns. The SHIFTER ZR4TM includes (2) front-mounted and (1) rear license plate mounted laser transceivers, interface module, display controller with audible and visual alerts, and a remote mute button. The SHIFTER ZR4TM's High performance "Multi-Shift" laser transceivers provide maximum protection against laser targeting and CINCINNATI MICROWAVE's exclusive "link" design allows you to connect the SHIFTER ZR4TM to select...
9965	Blue screen fun time	Ditto on the constant blue screens in Vista 64 bit. Wish I had read the first review before I got it. It's going back.	PRODUCT FEATURES:Quickly and easily adds a DVI-I display port through your USB 2.0 portAllows you to add a monitor, LCD or projector to your PC or notebookSupports VGA monitors with the included DVI to VGA adapterCompliant with USB specification, revision 2.0Maximum resolution: 1600 x 1200 @ 32-bitMultiple display functionality: primary, extended, mirror and rotationSupports Suspend and Hibernation modesUSB bus powered - no power adapter required
9966	Product doesn't support 64 bit Operating System	I orginally had the Siig USB 2.0 to VGA product with a 32 bit Vista Operating System. It added a second monitor to the PC via a USB connection. It was easy to install and worked flawlessly. I upgraded my PC to a new one that had a 64 bit Vista Operating System. The previous USB 2.0 to VGA product would not install on the 64 bit Vista Operating System. I contacted Siig support and they recommended the USB 2.0 to DVI product. The USB 2.0 to DVI product was easy to install and came with an installation CD and a adapter plug that converted DVI to VGA. The second monitor activates and you can move windows and screens to the second ( USB 2.0 to DVI ) monitor, but then the Vista system blue screens and restarts. The situation is repeatable. I worked with Siig support for almost 2 months trying to resolve. I made sure my drivers, system bios and Operating System updates were all current. I tried uninnstalling and reinstalling the USB 2.0 to DVI software and I even switched monitors. In the end Siig said their hardware buffer was only 16 megabytes and was overflowing. I was using this on a standard desktop Dell computer; they told me with a laptop there was buffering in the laptop and this was not a problem. So the final resolution, and most if not all of the trouble shoot was on my part, was that the USB 2.0 to DVI would not support the 64 bit Vista Operating System on a desktop. So I am back to using only the original monitor. I was able to receive a refund, thanks to Amazon's policies, less shipping and handling both ways.	PRODUCT FEATURES:Quickly and easily adds a DVI-I display port through your USB 2.0 portAllows you to add a monitor, LCD or projector to your PC or notebookSupports VGA monitors with the included DVI to VGA adapterCompliant with USB specification, revision 2.0Maximum resolution: 1600 x 1200 @ 32-bitMultiple display functionality: primary, extended, mirror and rotationSupports Suspend and Hibernation modesUSB bus powered - no power adapter required
9978	never had such a good one	I received my Yuin PK3 just recently. Although people told me that if I "burn in" the phone over 200 hours, it will have better sound quality, I can't wait to give it my 5 star rate right now. My experience with this small ear bud is totally different from what I had with any other earphones or ear buds. I have to say the sound quality (not the best it can have) is "far better"! of course I'm not a crazy audiophile who thinks an ear phone over $200 is normal. Compared with what have used (mostly under $100), this one is the clearly best. I don't know how to describe my good experience. the only thing I want to say is that you hear what you are supposed to hear. Besides the sound quality, the structure of the phone is what I like as well. it is small, it is light, it is tough. the length of the cable fit me very well. It is long enough that I can move my head freely. it is not that long that dangles in front my body. if you force me to find something of this phone not so good. i would say the design of its look is not very in fashion. i think yuin is try to tell us that you should not care the look of your phone if you really love music.	System includes. * PK3 earphones. * 1/4" stereo phone adapter plug. * Foam eartips. * Storage boxs
9979	Great sound, but bad quality control and service	I am conflicted about how to go about writing this review. This is easily a 5-star product, offering the best sound I have ever heard from earbuds of this design, and comfort to boot. However, the first pair I bought were off-balance, with one side sounding much louder than the other. I tried to get them returned, but the Yuin was unresponsive to my emails. This is unacceptable service, and I'm marking them down as a result. Still, if you get a working pair you will be delighted by this product.	System includes. * PK3 earphones. * 1/4" stereo phone adapter plug. * Foam eartips. * Storage boxs
9980	great earbud for the money	these are a no-brainer step up from std issue ipod earbuds. Try these, then try your stock Apple phones. No comparison. Even my kid can tell the difference and wants to use mine. I also have the OK3. That model has a sturdier cable and probably better overall sound, but the PK3 fit my ears better. They occasionally go on sale, for even a better bargain. The company has been a good one to buy from, both times. Very fast shipping, nice box for the PK3.	System includes. * PK3 earphones. * 1/4" stereo phone adapter plug. * Foam eartips. * Storage boxs
9983	as advertised	I wanted a simple and functional network drive with a TB or two of space. I plugged the network cable into my wireless router, switched the drive on, and accessed the set up with my internet browser. I changed the name of its default workgroup and renamed the drive to something more to my liking. Then I mapped the drive and haven't looked back. It was that easy. It works. I expected no more and no less. It comes with two Western Digital 1TB drives pre-formatted with RAID 1 set up where one drive mirrors the other. That effectively gives me 1 TB of storage and automatic backup. In the off chance one of the drives fails I should be able to recover my data without too much hassle. So I have no complaints. It's nice to purchase a product that does what it's supposed to do without the usual three hours of cussin' to get it to work. My only qualm, though, is the user manual that was obviously written by someone with a poor grasp of the English language. Last time I checked, proper English was still in use in Southern California where Calvary are based. Admittedly it makes you wonder--what would otherwise be a really slick device is somehow marred by the fact that they couldn't be bothered to proof read their copy.	The CAND Series is Cavalry?s new Network Attached Storage system. The CAND is a cost-effective external network disk array designed for the home or small office user. Connect it directly to your network and share your data with everyone on the network without a server computer, even while reading or writing data. Use it as an FTP server, media storage server or back up critical data. Network setup is simple, and you can leave the CAND on indefinitely after installation, meaning your files are al...
9984	OK for the price, I guess...	(Read the updates at the end; way too many bugs in the product for me...) Original review: I have to say WOW - my expectations were low at the time of ordering, but it far exceeded my expecations so far. Pros: 1. Small and fast (ethernet performance seems to be fine on my 802.11G network, but I will be testing it on gigabit network next week and will update) 2. No noise or too much heat! 3. Plug and play operation and an easy to use Web GUI 4. Great price! Cons: 1. user manual! Here is some more nuts and bolts on this product: The setup CD that came with it is a little confusing. So here is how to set this up: 1. Connect the system to your Wireless/wired router, and power it on. 2. Use the included CD and run setup from one of the connected machines (no need to install on all the machines or no need to be connected by wire). Just set the IP address and name of the NAS BOX. I set up a static IP address for this so that there are no issues of IP address changing over a period. (my wireless router's DHCP server is setup such that it allocates 192.168.1.1 to 192.168.1.10 to any notebooks that use DHCP to connect to, and the rest for me to manually assign to devices such as my game box, blu-ray player, networked receiver and my wireless printer (and now this GigaNAS product). The install program is only good for these 2 settings - IP address and the NAS box name. Quit this once you are done. (you can also change the admin password) 3. Open a browser from any connected system, and type "[...]. This opens up a login screen. From this point onwards, you can follow the manual for further instructions. By default, it is set for Raid 1 (backup copy of disk 1 on disk 2) which is ok for most people. Since the average life of hard disks can be one or 2 years some times, it is good to have this data recoverable. If you want RAID0 (so that you get to use 2TB fully, but without backup), you can set this up on the web GUI screens. 4. Create as many shares as you want, though for most users, it is good to have one guest/public share which is used for all the music/video/picture files shared within the house and other accounts for private files that you don't want to share. 5. Now, from "My computer --> My network places" you will see this NAS (default name: Giganas). You can open this, right click, and map network drive option to permanently make it as a drive on your system (for e.g. as z: drive) you will be prompted for user name and password for accessing this share - when you do that, remember to check the box for "remember this and reconnect at logon" option. 6. "My computer" should show this share as a drive and you can use it normally like a local drive now. Update: 9/12/2009: If I can go back and reduce the rating, I will only give it a 3 stars (even that because of the good sale price I paid for it in Amazon). The troubles I am facing now are this: 1. Seems to get disconnected after a couple of days, and once it is disconnected, I have no way of shutting it down except pulling the plug out - that scares me since the hard disk light comes on and off. 2. Firmware upgrade - I did one, but to do that, the documentation says, I need to take the hard disk out. Why?? Just take the disks off line and shut the NAS access and it should be able to do firmware upgrade? And the most interesting thing is this: to disconnect hard disks, I have to open the box and there is a sticker on the screw that says,"warranty void if seal is broken". How am I supposed to do a firmware if I cannot open the box? Looks like Cavalry storage have thought everything nicely and contradicting themselves in every possible way! 3. Some of the files I copied have become read-only for some reason, and I am not able to reset their permissions from any of the Windows systems I am using to connect to it. This is a basic flaw in the system. 2 stars is all I should have given for this!	The CAND Series is Cavalry?s new Network Attached Storage system. The CAND is a cost-effective external network disk array designed for the home or small office user. Connect it directly to your network and share your data with everyone on the network without a server computer, even while reading or writing data. Use it as an FTP server, media storage server or back up critical data. Network setup is simple, and you can leave the CAND on indefinitely after installation, meaning your files are al...
9985	Network reliability low, and other issues	They say if it's too good to be true, then... For a little over $200, 1 TB of storage is a pretty good deal. Actually, it's 500MB usable storage, as the two 500MB drives are mirrored by default - this isn't mentioned in the product info online, but it's unfortunately a standard misinformation that most vendors are engaged in. To use the full 1 TB you need to reformat the drive as raid 0. The drive has a tendency to hold file locks on files that are being updated on the drive when some sort of "event" - such as network or computer shutdowns occurring during file transfers to the device. The locks go away after a time, but it takes awhile. A re-boot is sometimes necessary. Finally, while testing transfer of large image files, 45 Gigabyte, on my Gigabit Ethernet switch, the device drops network connections. This did not happen on my 10/100 ethernet switch. My guess is the system gets overloaded on the higher gigabit network speeds. The fix for me was to use FTP instead of windows explorer to copy files to the drive. Filezilla (open source FTP tool) will automatically reconnect and resume file transfers. The web browser admin tool is minimal, but serviceable. If your setup doesn't allow for choosing FTP to transfer large files to and from this device, you probably won't find this a good choice. If you're looking for high performance, this isn't a good choice either.	The CAND Series is Cavalry?s new Network Attached Storage system. The CAND is a cost-effective external network disk array designed for the home or small office user. Connect it directly to your network and share your data with everyone on the network without a server computer, even while reading or writing data. Use it as an FTP server, media storage server or back up critical data. Network setup is simple, and you can leave the CAND on indefinitely after installation, meaning your files are al...
9993	JUNK ... J - U - N - K	Do NOT under ANY circumstances buy this frame. I ordered an Impecca DFM-1240B frame from Adorama [forgot to check amazon first, but theirs came from Adorama then anyway]; and when it came, it did not work. All I got were various colored vertical streaks. I spoke to the Adorama rep who immediately told me it was defective and to send it back [they paid for the return shipping]. She said they were out of that model and mine would be on back-order unless I wanted a refund. Figuring it was a fluke, I opted to wait. About two weeks later, I received an e-mail from Adorama that said in essence that they didn't know when they would get any more in, and I could speak to a rep who would help me make another choice. Since this was to be a Christmas gift, I was running out of time, so I chose the less expensive 1040. When it arrived, it was in even WORSE shape than the first one; the circuit board inside was not even fastened down and was just flopping around, probably held only by the internal wires. There were also parts rattling around inside [probably the screws intended to hold the circuit board in place]. Since the board was loose, there was no way I could plug in a memory card, a cable, the power cord, or anything else. I called Adorama and explained the situation and was instructed to send it back, and they provided free shipping again. The rep helped me make another selection that had similar features but was a different brand. I am currently [12/13/2009] waiting delivery of it. After this experience, I would not advise the purchase of ANY Impecca products.	Take your favorite Memories with you. BrandXYZ DFM-1040BT, is the BrandXYZble solution for displaying your favorite photos and video clips. Enjoy this new breakthrough in picture frame technology! BrandXYZ DFM-1040BT is a Bluetooth enabled device that easily receives photos from cell phones, computers and any other bluetooth enabled device. The DFM-1040BT offers you great compatibility and value, with a 10.4" high-quality TFT LCD display and a resolution of 640x480 pixels. The DFM-1040BT is your...
10013	No Regrets	I travel a lot for work and I'm always scrambling to find a place to charge my iphone in airports, client sites and such. I bought this on a lark as it was so much less expensive than any other battery life extension device for the iphone. Overall, I have been very happy with it. Functionally, it is everything I wanted (it extends my battery life allowing me to use my phone carefree, it stays attached to the phone well enough and it is easy to use). In fact in some ways it has exceeded my expectations. On the whole it works as it is described in it's product info so I will not repeat those. Some user things not mentioned in the description but worth noting: 1. If you plug your phone into the Xpal iPower2 while it is connected to your PC, it will charge your phone along with the Xpal iPower2. Doing this also allows you to sync your IPOD with your itunes. This was a pleasant surprise and allowed me to carry one less cable when I travel (i.e. using my Xpal as a docking station). 2. The Xpal iPower2 also appears to charge your iphone (~1 hour for an iphone 3G) and not directly power it. Again, I found this to be a bonus. So, I could attach the iPower2 for a while in my pocket and let it charge then put it back into my normal phone case and keep on about my business. Since I'm not crazy about this as an iphone holder or protector (the aesthetics of the holder and the fact that it provides no touchscreen protection concern me, but this is not a criticism of the functionality) I could use it and still avoid the somewhat bulky nature and too colorful look (not a fan of the bright green lettering). I would have preferred to give this device 4.5 stars, but that was not an option and since the Xpal iPower2 isn't perfect I couldn't in good conscience give it a 5. As I stated above, I am happy I bought it and I use it all the time. I have recommended it to friends and associates as a must have if you really use your iphone for everything and find yourself away from a power source (you GPS users will know what I mean).	<b>BrandXYZ IPOWER 2 PORABLE FOR IPHONE 3G/3G S</b>
10014	not thrilled...	this does not even provide half a charge. i periodically let my battery die and recharge. started with a dead phone and a fully charged ipower, and my phone only made it half way. retested a few times with same results... not a complete waste, but definitely not happy with the purchase.	<b>BrandXYZ IPOWER 2 PORABLE FOR IPHONE 3G/3G S</b>
10016	Extremely Disappointed - Hassle to work with.	When you plug this drive in, it appears as a CD. If you are using XP or later (which is everyone), you have to figure out what to click on (the documentation is online or on the drive, but not in the box). If you click on the obvious looking "menu" program you will get a lot of utilities that you don't need and won't open the drive up. If you get lucky enough to click "login.exe" and read the fine print that was included in the box to know the default password is 12345... then you can use the drive! Until you reboot, logoff, replugin the drive, or any other number of reasons. Then it's back to the beginning... My Computer... Some CD drive... login... 12345... and presto. So easy... right? Um, no. If you want to have this as a full time drive it sure isn't easy. You can't remove this feature (or even have a password less that 4 characters) on a PC (for some reason you can on a Mac) either. You have to live with it... Or return it like I did. Okay... so there is the business case where you want you data hardware encrypted in case you lose it... But surely there's a better way than this convoluted process (like remember this PC... since you already authenticated onto it), or at least an option for no encryption.	BrandXYZ's MiniStation DataVault offers a secure, compact, lightweight, shock resistant storage solution. Store, back up and transport digital images, music and other files without taking up space on your PC's hard drive. Best of all, the MiniStation DataVault includes full disk encryption to keep your data, personal e-mail and Web favorites with you at all times - private and secure.
10017	Crashes Mac Snow Leopard	Buffalo has given no timeline for when they will release new software for this drive, but it crashes Snow Leopard (OS 10.6) when you try to use the security unlock software. Other users are reporting the same issue on the Buffalo user forum. Also, the way the USB plugs into the drive, it can easily get tweaked. I had the drive in my bag and the plug is now bent. I am worried that it's going to just give out one of these days. Going to just move my data off it and look for something better.	BrandXYZ's MiniStation DataVault offers a secure, compact, lightweight, shock resistant storage solution. Store, back up and transport digital images, music and other files without taking up space on your PC's hard drive. Best of all, the MiniStation DataVault includes full disk encryption to keep your data, personal e-mail and Web favorites with you at all times - private and secure.
10018	Great security and value	I got this from Amazon.com, it's a great deal. Very portable and light. The hard drive has encryption software built in. There is also another usb cable just in case the hard drive needs more power to boot. This is MADE IN JAPAN, I don't even need to worry about the quality of this product.	BrandXYZ's MiniStation DataVault offers a secure, compact, lightweight, shock resistant storage solution. Store, back up and transport digital images, music and other files without taking up space on your PC's hard drive. Best of all, the MiniStation DataVault includes full disk encryption to keep your data, personal e-mail and Web favorites with you at all times - private and secure.
10019	Drive failed after 6 months, no tech support	I bought this product for TimeMachine backups, and it worked great...until it started failing just 6 months after purchasing. I was reluctant to send it back to Buffalo for RMA since it had my backup data on it, and I couldn't erase a bad drive. But it didn't matter, because Buffalo tech support never answered the phone to help me. I gave up trying to RMA the drive, but I won't be buying another Buffalo product again any time soon.	BrandXYZ's MiniStation DataVault offers a secure, compact, lightweight, shock resistant storage solution. Store, back up and transport digital images, music and other files without taking up space on your PC's hard drive. Best of all, the MiniStation DataVault includes full disk encryption to keep your data, personal e-mail and Web favorites with you at all times - private and secure.
10037	Very poor quality	The card that I got worked (sorta) for about 2 days, but as soon as I starting loading it with a significant amount of data, it would freeze or just fail. Can't copy data back off of it either. For the money, save your time and frustration, go with Transcend, SanDisk or Kingston.	The best choice for high-end digital devices!This BrandXYZ Turbo SDHC (Secure Digital High Capacity) memory card has an enormous 16 GB capacity to hold all your precious moments and memories. This card is rated a Class 6 performance card which means the card has a guaranteed write speed of at least 6 MB/second to greatly reduce time between shots. For those high-end digital devices users, this BrandXYZ Turbo SDHC memory card will ensure you capture every "picture-perfect" moment!
10038	Affordable and works great!	I purchased this for my panasonic lumix tz3, and it works great, Out of the box, into the camera, and I have the capability of 5200 photos at 6mp in 16x9 format. Not to shabby, also around 120 minutes of recording time, a nice plus. I have seen no issues with it's speed or performance in comparison to my 4gb transcend card I have. Currently recommend this to anyone looking for a good value.	The best choice for high-end digital devices!This BrandXYZ Turbo SDHC (Secure Digital High Capacity) memory card has an enormous 16 GB capacity to hold all your precious moments and memories. This card is rated a Class 6 performance card which means the card has a guaranteed write speed of at least 6 MB/second to greatly reduce time between shots. For those high-end digital devices users, this BrandXYZ Turbo SDHC memory card will ensure you capture every "picture-perfect" moment!
10039	Did not work in my Garmin Nuvi GPS.	The ADATA brand did not work in my Garmin Nuvi. Other brands such as Transcend and Sandisc worked fine. The seller quickly exchanged Sd brand cards for me.	The best choice for high-end digital devices!This BrandXYZ Turbo SDHC (Secure Digital High Capacity) memory card has an enormous 16 GB capacity to hold all your precious moments and memories. This card is rated a Class 6 performance card which means the card has a guaranteed write speed of at least 6 MB/second to greatly reduce time between shots. For those high-end digital devices users, this BrandXYZ Turbo SDHC memory card will ensure you capture every "picture-perfect" moment!
10040	Class 6 speed at a Class 4 price	If you look closely at most 16gb SDHC cards, even those offered by Kingston or Transcend, you will notice that they are 'class 4' cards, which means they read and write data slower than this A-DATA card which is rated as 'class 6'. You will have a shorter wait when downloading photos from your camera, or uploading music/movies to this card than the other 16gb 'class 4' cards. At a price about the same or even less than most other 16gb SDHC cards, you can't go wrong. I currently use one of these in my PMP (Personal Media Player) and it's worked flawlessly for about 8 months. I don't use it for photography or video recording, but it likely outperforms other cards because of its superior speed.	The best choice for high-end digital devices!This BrandXYZ Turbo SDHC (Secure Digital High Capacity) memory card has an enormous 16 GB capacity to hold all your precious moments and memories. This card is rated a Class 6 performance card which means the card has a guaranteed write speed of at least 6 MB/second to greatly reduce time between shots. For those high-end digital devices users, this BrandXYZ Turbo SDHC memory card will ensure you capture every "picture-perfect" moment!
10042	Great Motherboard	So far no problems like the ones listed by previous reviewers. Everything works great. I love the drivers getting installed so easily with the included CD. Also when I tried to overclock the memory, after the reboot the motherboard didn't like the settings, so it rebooted itself again after that, and basically reset the memory settings to the old settings. Nice feature! System specs: - OCZ DDR3 PC3-10666 1333MHz Intel Extreme Edition XMP Ready Series 6GB Triple Channel Kit - Razer Lachesis Mouse - Samsung 22X SpeedPlus Serial ATA Internal DVD Writer - EVGA 512-P3-N879-AR GeForce 9800 GTX + - Western Digital 500GB Caviar	With resource intensive games and multimedia tools constantly evolving to the next technological level, you need equally advanced hardware to ensure the best possible computing experience. Hardcore gamers and multimedia enthusiasts can take solace in the fact that next-generation BrandXYZ? Extreme Series Desktop Boards combine with the latest BrandXYZ processors to run the most demanding software applications with ease. Amazon.com Product DescriptionWith resource intensive games and multimedia t...
10043	works as advertised, well,no it doesn't	I can't think of a single bad or wrong thing about it. Except for what I wrote in the update. It had the slot configuration I wanted. Not many did. There are no PS/2 (keyboard/mouse) or PATA (IDE/ATA)connections, just 12 USB ports (6 back panel, 6 more internal) and SATA (5 internal, 1 external), etc. You can boot in legacy disk mode, which runs the SATA drives as if they were an old PATA (IRQ14/15), so I presume that you could install XP pre-SP3. Switch it back after install. The driver disc is dated 19 June 2008; newer stuff at intel.com. -------- Update: Audio out the analog jacks is messed up. I got a second/replacement board and it does the same thing. The audio goes in and out about once a second, sometimes it will play for 10 seconds straight, until you do something. Others have similar problems; somehow, some say audio is fine (never more than "fine"). The audio optical out is okay - no gaps or dropouts - but only for 2-channel stereo PCM. No AC3/Dolby Digital Live/Home Theatre - not that I can get to work EXCEPT from one (of two) test panels in the MS Vista mixer program, and that only tests the channels with tones. The other Vista MS mixer test panel fails to do anything w/r/t Dolby digital. This is with the IDT audio driver installed (current). Using the built-in MS Vista driver for the audio, the same drop out happens. Worse, the optical out does not work at all (no red light). I've put the lastest BIOS (0109) in and no difference. The only card in this is an EVGA 9600GT video card. CPU is Q8200. Important. The driver pack on the included CD will freeze XP since the USB portion (inf) is wrong. Result: No keyboard. No mouse. Not even safe mode gets around it so you'll have to reinstall XP. Go to intel.com and download the newer inf package for this board. I don't know if a vista install of this inf is the same way since I didn't use the CD there. Besides that, this motherboard runs okay. Maybe intel can fix the problem. P.S. If you find references to use a Realtek "Vista_214.zip" driver, don't bother. It doesn't really install, and all you get is the built-in Vista driver for the mobo audio. I have no internal audio connnections hooked up, only the back panel audio connections are being used. -------------- UPDATE 2.0: Flashed to BIOS 0116 (5 May 2009) and the audio problem is no more. An updated audio driver package is available but that wasn't installed yet. The s/pdif (both 2.0 pcm and 2.1 digital) is still working fine. I can now say it's working fine (currently windows 7 rc).	With resource intensive games and multimedia tools constantly evolving to the next technological level, you need equally advanced hardware to ensure the best possible computing experience. Hardcore gamers and multimedia enthusiasts can take solace in the fact that next-generation BrandXYZ? Extreme Series Desktop Boards combine with the latest BrandXYZ processors to run the most demanding software applications with ease. Amazon.com Product DescriptionWith resource intensive games and multimedia t...
10044	Intel DP45SG	Had to adjust timing and voltage setting for system ram. Installed XP sp3 it was easy and quick. No problems, freeze or any other glitches. The Catalyst drivers for the 4850 even installed and worked. All drivers from driver cd installed and worked (not using RAID drivers). Motherboard came with a DVD GHOST RECON advanced warfighter installed and ran with PhysX drivers. Fun game. Extra Value added software included: * Acronis True Image* 11 Home * CyberLink Live* Premium * Diskeeper 9* * DivX Pro for Microsoft Windows* * Dolby Control Center* * Intel? Desktop Control Center (Internet Download) * Kaspersky Work Space Security* * Kingsoft Antivirus 2007* * Kingsoft Powerword 2007* * Laplink PCmover* Express * Norton 360* * Skype* * TypePad* Intel DP45SG motherboard Cooler Master Elite 334 ATX Mid Tower Case Black - Mid Tower Case 650 watt antec power supply Intel Core 2 Duo E8400 3.0 GHz 6M L2 Cache 1333MHz FSB LGA775 Dual-Core Processor Masscool 8WA741 - Processor cooler - ( Socket 775 ) Corsair TWIN3X2048-1333C9DHX XMS3 DHX 2 GB 2 X 1 GB PC3-10600 1333Mhz 240-pin DDR3 Dual Channel Memory Kit Sapphire Radeon HD4850 512MB DDR3 Dual DVI / TVO PCI-Express Graphics Card Western Digital 500GB 3.5", SATA, 16MB Cache Bulk/OEM Hard Drive WD5000AAKS Lite-On LH-20A1L 20x DVD?RW DL SATA Drive w/LightScribe (Black) 2 Antec TriCool case fan ( TRICOOL120MM BLUE LED ) Cross Fire will operate in x8 mode not x16. from intel website: 1.6.1 PCI Express x16 Graphics The MCH supports two add-in discrete graphics card via the PCI Express 2.0 graphics connector: * One Primary PCI Express 2.0 x16 (electrical x16 or x8) bus add-in card connector. The x16 interface supports simultaneous (full duplex) transfers up to 16 GBytes/sec when operating in x16 mode with a compatible PCI Express 2.0 x16 discrete graphics card. Backwards compatible with PCI Express 1.1 x16, supporting a maximum theoretical bandwidth of 8 GB/s. Interface will operate in x16 mode only if the secondary PCI Express x16 connector is not populated. * One Secondary PCI Express 2.0 x16 (electrical x8) bus add-in card connector: The board provides a PCI Express add-in card connector in the form of a physical x16 connector with electrical routing of x8. This connector is an electrical equivalent of a PCI Express x8 bus add-in card connector. This connector also supports x4 and x1 PCI Express add-in cards. This interface supports PCI Express 2.0 bandwidth when used with a compatible PCI Express 2.0 x16 discrete graphics card.	With resource intensive games and multimedia tools constantly evolving to the next technological level, you need equally advanced hardware to ensure the best possible computing experience. Hardcore gamers and multimedia enthusiasts can take solace in the fact that next-generation BrandXYZ? Extreme Series Desktop Boards combine with the latest BrandXYZ processors to run the most demanding software applications with ease. Amazon.com Product DescriptionWith resource intensive games and multimedia t...
